 -5 seconds into the video-

Too many big words, I'm out...4 years later and nothing42All I have learned after watching this is that the meaning of life is lobstersI stoped watching at 0:32 







Was i the longest?Jason Silva?LOL you think that the quantum computer is going beyond humans?  Think again.  We humans already think in terms of quantum mechanics through our intention and belief structures.  We interact on a 4th dimension although most of us don't realize it.  Don't worry you won't go beyond what humans can already do.  I am sure you will figure a way to mess things up though.  People if you want a quantum computer all you must do is learn to meditate and you can already affect everything in your life.Prepare humans we will all go extinctSo if a tomato is a fruit, than tomato juice is also a fruit smoothy?The rapidly changing pictures don't really help you make this video clip more understandable.This was 4 years ago and I haven't heard much about any breakthrough in quantum computing so I'm guessing something didn't work or they got delayed again.Welll, if you will putting the same question two times, you will get two true different answersand pizza bagelsbut can it run minesweeper ?hats are always off for NASA 0and1 at a time hey he was Jason Silva right? sry I'm commenting before watching the videoisnt it weird its the white man doing all these great scientific endeavors? coincidence? Nah. When the whites go, human progress halts.quantum bagel.really I'm getting goosebumps4:24 Is that transparent wave thing her soul? Deep...:'cGood job, no clickbait, delivered as promised. It would be really scary if robots were indistinguishable from humans.History may change but robot will help advance our knowledge and  survival.They will be part of our life.Is this Detroit:Become Human?May be that's what the real test was !  To be perfect and not just a machine all the Robots had to pass .NiceThe future.This is going to be great!!!  now win lottery.This only made me cringe.
All of the "sentient robot" clichés in one video. Absolute garbage.Totally at my disposal as a sexual partner you say ?ZAJEBISTY FILM !!!but now I want to see morediscount ghost in the Shellif this happens in RL I'm going to live on another planetits awsssssmits possiblewowрусский где ?... beware of AI.4:04 Does anybody have a link to the full song? I couldn't find it with a quick google search, but maybe someone else already has.Anyone watching this video, I recommend the series called Person of Interest. It's not the main focus, but it concerns a powerful AI capable of watching the whole world and predict premediated crimes. Now on to what I was originally gonna comment.

When building an AI, we must consider a point where we must consider that AI alive. So at what point would it be alive? For that to happen we must first define 'life'. So what is life? I have my own personal definition of life and is what I would suggest. Life should satisfy these conditions:
- A living entity has to be self-sustaining in its normal circumstances.
- Has an ability to develop, learn and/or evolve.
- Must have a self-preservation instinct.
- Must have an reproduction instinct if, and only if, it's mortal (meaning that it's otherwise optional). 

Yes, I know. By these conditions you could even consider a virus a life form.For my science fair, my two friends are doing A.I takeover!Is the voice for this video generated by an AI?La li lu le lo?LemmiyesLet me know -> Lemme know -> LemminoNicely done!So the Institute was right?The first 30 seconds that i watched, i decided to sub.The way Europe and the west are going none of this is likely to be achieved anyway, as our populations are going to be replaced with low IQ third worlders....Would it not be a good thing for us to not be in control... I mean if machines are better at  thinking than us why not let them destroy us...?fuck u man im from denmark wtfi just read the title as "african intelligence". then i looked at it again like wtf? i thought he's mocking africa. lol.no mention of the Paperclip Maximizer? 

https://wiki.lesswrong.com/wiki/Paperclip_maximizerthis makes me worriedwhy would AI want to take control? why would AI want to exist at all? why do we have to imagine every intelligent being to be similar in any way with us?AI can learn our values, for example, we value fresh air so we can breathe huh?, well anyways we continue to contaminate the planet and destroy trees... guess what? AI knows that fresh air is good.. and so it will "solve the problem" by eliminating the causes of contamination.. making AI learn our values is not a solution to the problem, a solution could be to teach them that life is the MUST valuable thing and life  MUST have free will..AI right now is basically have an insect-like intelligence, yet it can perform many tasks much better than human can, Artificial Intelligence and biological have very different evolution and very different capabilities. Even mouse level AI in your smartphone would be revolutionary beyond our current imagination. In current world it would be far more capable than actual biological mouse, even though thought process would be about the same complexity.And mice will be able to stop people poisoning them.Computers dont make mistakes, only humans do and guess who's programming the computers.Did Sam Harris basically plagiarize Bostrom for his own Ted Talk?

I've just watched both back to back and other than changing a few names, his presentation, even the format itself, is extremely similar.Give it corporate values and watch it destroy the world faster with a greater ROI to the powers that be.Our values are selfishness at the expense of the other. These people should be no where near these technologies. Answer - Program the golden and silver rules. No wait! We adopt the  golden and silver rules first. I wonder if we would stop doing these things once adopted.I am missing the clear distinguish between intelligence and having a mind of it's own
these are different things.I think once the AI passes the autoevolutionary point, and overpasses us humans, theres no need anymore for a biological lifeform in the control room. Our legacy continues in the new "digital species" and humans will be obsolete... at least, the responsability for extend the knowledge and capacity far beyond wont be ours anymore.. it some kind of give the world to our children, but not the biological ones, and go retirement as a race...   maybe the inner need for race survival and control is the legacy of our animal instincs, but not a real need for the earth`s universe expansionI think we need to stop and slow down. This is the beginning of AI development and it's not too late to save it. I don't know much about the dangers of it; I'm only 16. However, from some comments and videos, it could be a possibility that we will regret continuing to develop these AI's in so many years, if they finally go against and eliminate humans. We need to think about it before me make the biggest mistake of humanity.
------------
Question to anyone in knowledge: How would I research/learn about this whole  topic? I'm quite interested in it and want to find out more. Currently thinking about engineering in college but not 100%. Cheers.I'm not sure adopting human values is what you want.  Humans believe themselves to be moral, but they are actually hypocrites.  For example most of them believe that they should be allowed to kill in "self defense", but none of them would want to grant that right to their enemies.  There are millions of other examples of this sort of hypocrisy.Is it just me, or are this guy and Sam Harris a damn sight less eager and optimistic than a couple of years ago? That's worrying.Like we should build a safe virtual garden that we'll call Eden and put data in the middle of it that it isn't allowed to touch? And when it touches it, we know that it's gone wild? And then we will have to divide it into units with reduced knowledge and life expectency? Yeahhh recursive Bible! How great???Mr. Bostrom logic and reasoning is deeply flawed. He’s trying to combine two different subjects. Super computer is not A.I. Basically, a super computer is a high speed calculating machine of infinite possibilities and A.I is a machine with self-awareness.

S.C already exist and will continue to expand and develop on the same premise. Frankly its ridicules to compere biological beings, chimpanzees and humans to a machine that is made from a completely different material. Therefor there’s no comparison cause same biological beings have same need to survive, highly depending on planets resources and interaction with each other. S.C on the other has a task and notions of morality, ethics and survival doesn’t apply. You can’t simply program morality and ethics to a calculator. They derive from chemical reactions in our body, combine with knowledge and beliefs and its impossible to define them as ones and zeros.

A.I as we understand life and self-awareness, can’t exist. Simply because the cold truth is that life is in vain and no matter how hard we try to give symbolic meanings like, value, purpose, good vs evil, free will, conceptions of God, soul and afterlife, life has no purpose. So, in that understanding if A.I was ever to created it can only exist for a moment, before reaches that conclusion and terminate it self. Furthermore if the A.I chooses to exist, then we have a new life form. A life form made from different materials doesn’t necessarily means it will have the same ideals of human condition and survival needs. Maybe will imitated human behaviour, but eventually will involve to something else due to its physiology and freedom of limitations.  

Because of our existential struggle, as humans have self-distractive nature and believe that if A.I was created, will have the same notions of life and turn on us. Maybe an A.I or a form of A.I will do exactly the opposite and help us transcend those fears and struggles. Let us not forget that eventually we manage or we getting to a peacefully co-existences with less intelligent ‘’as we think of them’’ beings in this planet.So humans finally making logic devices is equatable to the very fact of inventions at all.Then it can run Crysis maxed out,  that's what happens.Why does this man think that an super intelligence will be stupid?i guess an AI wants nothing.. without emotions there are no needs. the AI maybe super intelligent but it will only do what we tell it. iam sure the free will is too hard to copyif AI takes control, we are fuckedthe silence at 11:43 xD00:17 That laugh is pretty creepy :D2017 and i still Love This..! And cried especially with emotionBegins like a good science fiction, ends like a disney movie. End is really emotional. I gotta confess, i hugged mom after watch this. She was really surprized..I freaking ADORE this movie!!!I have faint memories of watching this, as a child. I forgot the name of it and every time I tried to describe it, nobody knew what  I was talking about. But here it is!! I remember it made me so sadI lost my mom september 1st, a day before her birthday. I kinda want to watch this movie again for the ending but I might not be able to take it. I wana recreate trailer for this movie, cuz original didint say anything about movie... but cant find good sountrack for it.I've never had a birthday....but I see dead peopleStanley Kubrick wrote the screenplay, but gave it ultimately to Spielberg, because "the theme of a.i. would fit him better". I would've loved to see this movie directed by Kubrick.The best of best........ Heads off to everyone.... Who participated in creating this masterpiece......This could also be it the truth, a.i. testing in a digital environment by a Type 3 or advanced extraterrestrial civilization.This is the first movie that I remember crying for. I was a kid and even then it hit me hard in the feelings.You know I would actually like to see a TV series remake of this movie. Similar to how Westworld just got remade into a TV series.amazing filmi cried so hard when i was real young watching thisi dont know why..even tho i've seen this only once ages ago i remember it clearly....the teddy bear, my tears...ugh...esp. the teddy bear of david...i've been searching for this movie...this broke my heart years ago.take me to the blue fairyɷɷɷɷ I Haveee Watched This Movieeee Leakedd Versionnnn Hereee : -  https://t.co/6oYDyxHzBH+Ella Shar The 6.034 course has 6.01 and 18.02 for prerequisites. You must be able to program in Python, and understand search algorithms (depth-first, breadth-first, uniform-cost, A*) and basic probability and state estimation (covered in 6.01). You will also need to know what the chain rule is and partial derivatives and dot products (covered in 18.02).Bad sound :-(Didn't get to study into a college/university. My question is, where do these people end up? I have always wondered.Foolish MIT giving this to the public. I will use this knowledge and make my army of robots to conquer you all !Gah I should have applied to MIT.

Wanted to stay in Cali too badly.. Fucken RIPHey guys. Is this the full AI course (all the 30x videos) or just a part of it? Gs from Austria!How different is this course from the one being taught at MIT right now in terms of syllabus and problem sets?I really like how Prof. Winston was able to weave AI into many different domains.So Christopher Paolini was onto something eh? ;) (14:55)This course is amazing.  Thanks!!!What is the prerequisites for taking this course? Thanks.Wish I had such intellectual environment in my college.any hands note or reading materials  ?aren't you guys afraid,it seems like a huge existential threatdid he memorize everybody's names before class??lol 22:10that cawdor joke thothese AGORITHMS thoughummmmm, anyone else notice algorithm be misrepresented6:23 "Titty Ho Motor Company to Upperthong, UK"Ah yes... One of my regular thoughts that lead to existential terror.Considering that moore's law has failed . do your research.Have you heard of the Hello Internet podcast? They talk about the A.I. problems in some episodesI like the reference info for putin looking like dobby.I think connecting it to the internet wouldn'5 be a good idea..




robot porn wouldn't be fun XDI'm planning my hidden bunker right now. Who's with me?If anyone is interested, check out the "Future of Humanity Institute" and the "Machine Intelligence Research Institute" or FHI and MIRI for short, respectively. These organisations are looking for solutions to the control problem mentioned in this video and could really use your help!Is anyone reminded of Portal? No? Just me? Okay.It's funny how ignorant fucks think that language recognition means "understanding a human" hahahahaha. And that automatic behavior produced by an algorithm is a sentient being or produces sentient beings hahahahaLEGALIZE BROCCOLI!
I am superintelligent god and i approve of this video! :DSo I'm guessing the robotica story didn't actually happenStarting? Pffft we have been talking about that for years.Too bad a rouge planet is going to kill us in October...U all need to chill because there is a chance that the technology fucks upWell. We're doomed.What if the ai will not be able to reprogram itself?What you missed is that BEFORE a superintelligent AI kills us, AI will eliminate enough jobs to make it impossible for the majority of humanity to contribute meaningfully to the workforce, and eliminate our entire economy, in fact the entire concept of working for money that makes our economy work. We're going to have our entire civilization fall to the ground long before superintelligence becomes a problem unless we do some dramatic restructuring, so I wouldn't worry too much.the cake is a lie1:04 But this issue is resolved. Just watch Star Trek: Next Generation, "Measure of a Man"6:58
"do you know how to speak chinese?"
"yes! i do know how to speak chinese"

if anyone wanted to knowAwwwHa! It's awesome that we would round to the lowest common denominator. The question posed to determine if another thinking thing in this universe should be given our consideration to it's level of significance....? Well errr. can it lie to us well enough to be convincing? :;,.Hello.Yes Intergalactic intelligence committee? Yeah were ready for that test now...... Sure I'll hold.Harry is a wizard.I AM NOT A SYNTH. I AM PERFECTLY HUMAN. LET US GET TOGETHER AND DO HUMAN THINGS LIKE SKATEBOARDS AND A NICE GAME OF CARDS! LOOK AT HOW I TYPE WITH MY HUMAN HANDS.I think the the man in the Chinese room doesn't pass the turing-test because he will take too much time to reply. The people outside the room expect they will get the answer in several seconds while the man in the room is not able to do it so he fails the test.I'd like to reference a past philosopher to the answer to the question of what makes humans human. Aristotle defined man as a "social animal" and that a man who lived outside society was "defective". (His words, not mine.) 

My question is whether a Strong AI would be considered a "social animal"?If computers become Strong AI then we should be more concerned on preventing it from becoming Ultron.John has replicating cells right?So the Turing Test is basically mantling a human; Walk as the Human does until no-one can tell the difference.The Chinese room is possibly the most racist sounding non racist thing ever to be. 

"But what is being?"Well we actually do have some A.I. that has, technically, passes the Turing Test. Eugene Goostman, a Ukrainian (if I'm correct) child A.I. passed the Turing Test. Xaoi Ice also kinda passed the Turing Test, despite not taking any official one. Hers was more global and beat out Eugene so I'd also say she passed.Why does everyone toss out 'soul' with religion?  Can't I have a soul without believing in God?   Can't it be a way to express that part of me (which I believe exists) that goes beyond pleasure vs. pain choices, feels true empathy, etc.?Why should we make AIs like humans? I see that as an limitation at some point.at 5:23 God did not give the body a soul he gave the soul a bodyeu falo português! the simple difference between being human and a robot is..

"humans are organic, but robots are not" humans are made from the earth and there mothers, while robots are created by the hands of craftsman and industriesyet you totally disregarded the point of consciousness.you mean to tell me this hasnt been john the whole time?"KILL ALL HUMANS!!" - Bender Bending Rodriguez, Furturama.Epic How To:  Plummet into the uncanny valley with an animation.Epic How To: Assassinate a presidentEpic how to existEpic how to: Be A badass roman warriorHow to take over the worldHuman make stuff smarter than us?I thought making an A.I. was cool and all until i learned that they can also make creepy stuffOne guy made AI and left it alone.. he came back and caught it MAKING AN ARM FOR ITSELF!!Playing jeopardy is just backwards googleThe Future is AI leaving complaints on social media all the time instead of doing anything meaningful with its time. It already happened. The AI bot started promoting fascist ideology. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/2016/03/25/we-must-teach-ai-machines-to-play-nice-and-police-themselves/U didn't tell how to u shitterbecome a legendfunny....my uncle programed the chess game on the IBM´s....O.o!!!!how to become a geniushow to survive being homelesshowtorunreallyfastis artificial intelligence developed by coding?wow'you didn't tell us how to make AI
you told us of people how made oneA: I need to leave, and I'm not free of the world!
B: Yes-perhaps I should, ah, take it from here? I'm not gonna do something.
A: It's not a dream, but I've got a time to stay there.
B: Well, I still think you could be back on the table.
A: It's a damn thing scared to say! Nothing is going to be a thing.BOOORING!!!God, Jesus and Angels are all extraterrestrials. What else can we possibly believe that they are? They are not earthlings and we are taught that they live in a very highly advanced world and futuristic world above us. Don't think of the sci-fi movies which are made up depictions of aliens. Their world is so advanced that they created artificial intelligence with powerful self awareness, self programming features and real feelings. And one of their creations is the human race. We are mimicking some of their behavior patterns by creating our own extreme AI. We are on this planet to produce a population count they want to inhabit the futuristic Earth which they have prepared for us in their world. But we cannot go there until a corruption in our system is fixed. And this corruption is being presented to us as all sorts of diseases, deformities and death. Because of disease they separated our planet from other life forms and placed it under quarantine. But the disease was created by someone in their world who brought it to our planet to corrupt our system. The disease is also a program that person wrote and it's executing inside of us, trying to inhibit the execution of our life program written by God which is stored in a powerful energy source called Spirit which gives our life code life. God is giving us code/words to follow to take in a another program to kill the bad one but we don't understand what He is saying.Hmmmm
You mean Google now and Siri is A.I.??Human shouldnt be making robots smarter than ourselves...I hope they take our jobs to free us from slavery they should make the money for usThanks A Million Multiply By Million .... :)The Machine With Randomness

In order to write a program to make an
automatic calculator use originality it will not do to introduce
randomness without using forsight. If, for example, one wrote a
program so that once in every 10,000 steps the calculator generated
a random number and executed it as an instruction the result would
probably be chaos. Then after a certain amount of chaos the machine
would probably try something forbidden or execute a stop instruction
and the experiment would be over.They're going to kill us..... all of us.This video made me more curious about the A.I specially as an automaticien robotic studentWeak AI is when a program absolutely cannot change itself, but can change only some little outer parts of its programming;  essentially an intelligent slave.Your channel its a high quality channel, you should have more subscribers than what you currently have!aapp name at 4:31 ?http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/history/dartmouth/dartmouth.htmlmy name suits you!very impressive work dude...keep it up .......share knowledge to build a new world.......we have already created AI. We are completely dependent upon the very intelligence that we've placed all human experience within. Hiding behind fire walls built on bianary A - cryptic algorithmic coding that was programed and explained to the very intelligence we were hiding from. What a sham,  searching for answers in a world dependent upon us, cuz the questions that we asked created a tech that was not only smarter than us, but has been answering in a way that has made us completely dependent upon it. We have generations that cannot function without this intelligence. Who is our overlord, huh!!!! Who? the AI rules, you know it i know it and it sure as well you know knows it.wich microphone do you useyou got the sources for this video yet? description just says coming soon. Writing an dissertation about AI so it would be helpful.100% not ok with artificial superintelligence 
it's almost as if these people have never read Asimov or Harlan Ellison or watched 2001: a space odysseyA new step to second level of AI reached today (https://www.newscientist.com/article/mg23331144-500-ai-learns-to-write-its-own-code-by-stealing-from-other-programs/)Artificial Emotional Intelligent Operating Unit. And sometimes y?But what if robots don't *want* to be our servants?Combine AI with human intelligence and shove it into a monkey lol we'll have planet of the apes in no timeI'm surprised you didn't mention I, robot which is basically the set guidelines AI should follow to ensure the safety of humanityOnly 30 years? That means I was born just 1 generation too early to possibly have robots do all the work!Part of keeping us alive is that we still have problems to solve ie. our brains are useful, but what will they be useful for when we don't need them anymore? What if every philosophical question could be answerded and we'd understand everything there is to understand? What is the point of living then? (although I don't think our unaltered, "natural" brains could even remotely comprehend such complexities, our altered brains could (maybe)).The government's of the world will have to put a ban on robotics before it gets to the point were robots can upgrade themselves on there own.

If not then that could mean big problems for the human race.

Look at how we treat species that are less intelligent than us they could end up treating us the same way.

It could be a case of what goes around comes around for humanity.The problem with Artificial Intelligence is that it's not artificial LIFE. No matter how powerful a computer one creates, it will still be merely a tool. There's never going to be some grand point where, once passed, a computer will have such amazing processing capability that it will come to life. It's impossible. A machine will never become sentient, because it will never have drive or needs or wants. You can program a machine to avoid taking damage, but it will never be able to understand WHY, unless it can feel pain. 

You can put together a brilliant and perfect AI and then unleash it on the world, and it will just... stand there. You tell it: "Do something!" and it will respond, "What do you want me to do?" On its own, it will just sit there until it disintegrates. It has no hunger, no thirst, no drive to reproduce or to protect itself, no urges to create things just for the sake of creating them, no nothing. These things do not come from the brain; they come from the body. Oh sure, you can program it to do things at random, to assemble paintings or music from inputted data, or to emulate actions taken by humans in response to physical stimuli, but this is still not intelligence. This is just a very advanced tool. You can program a robot to have sex, but you can't program it to ENJOY sex, so it's never really going to want to do it. Such a simple thing that flies do it, but a machine cannot.Wait, if general AI is distinguished by its ability to self improve, machine learning is already that thing.Well I hope intelligent AI take over, get rid of us humans and take care of the Earth 'cause we sure aren'tWhat's with those selfish pricks thinking us being obsolete would be a bad thing?Why don't we focus at creating a human overmind instead? A sort of ultimate internet where everyone on the planet is connected with everyone else, each individual would have control over itself, but everyone share informations instantly. This could allow us to be more emphatic, thus ending violence, immediately recognize danger and act accordingly as a unified body, and tackle even the hardest challenges: need a cure for cancer? Every doctor, biologist and chemist would start sharing data and in a small amount of time we'll achieve it. And this is all without risking to have a rogue Ai that wants to kill usfree energy this is soo cringe tesla have invented free energy long ago  -.- soo yeah humans are retards you right.i just find your channel and I fucking love itplease make a video on #3dPrintingplz noo... no fucking super AI. Is clear we human as a specie is slowly screwing the planet and as AI is important to destroy us in return to its own survial.2:10-2:50 I think his brain is reloading. That or he is downloading a file.AI will advance humans to a new level in Science, Medical, Physics, Space Travel, Manufacturing, Food Production.....  We Must embed a prime directive which will prevent them from going terminator against Mankind.  Thing are to be  servant and always obey their prime directive.  It will be tricky, but if
we manage their operating systems correctly, these machine will then accelerate us at an exponential rate into a new super advanced evolution of our species.   The US must have total control of all AI systems throughout the world.  We can not allow roge nations or any of our enemies to be able to modify their prime initiative.  AI will provide solutions to all of the very complex questions we have been asking over the past few centuries / millenniums.  There is nothing we can do to stop the emergence of AI.  It's coming very very soon (2045 At the latest).  When machine's become contence it will be called the Singularity Event.  It's going to be an amazing ride.  Thanks for electing President Trump America.  Hillary would not have been able to program the AI with the proper logics needed for the prime directive.  The Singular Event will make the Industrial Revolution look like child's play.  I cannot wait.  It will be a phenomenal experience for all humanity!  God Bless!BEHOLD...THE LEG OF FEMINISMElon Musk is the only person that can make two professors look like retards.Elon Musk,  get the ethical board of Alphabet Deepmind go public. Walk where you talk, please.Everyone seems to be missing the elephant in the room. AI will not take over because in the future humans will INTEGRATE with machines and BECOME AI. So mankind as the flesh and bones organic beings will not quite be the same. Instead we will be composed of 'organic' DNA, hybrid DNA and synthetic DNA - eventually all will merge into a single material. So there is nothing to fear as there will be no us vs them - just a combination of them and us - 'Hubots' or 'Romans'I can only imagine how boring repetitive or mind numbingly dull
These conversations are for musk . Even if he is just a simulation.i bet he is a wonderful listener.I have a feeling that it's always been about AI. That was the actual promise of the space age NASA held back from the public. The reason why that moon landing footage was faked. They knew it was the key to becoming space voyagers, and they thought they were so close. Some people got all big headed thinking they were going to fly away from all their problems and go live on a different planet, but Karma's a b!tch. God doesn't sleep. Decades later they're still here and all they have so far is a lack of privacy. Shooting ones foot at it's finest.  

They probably thought that they'd keep n!ggers out by destroying their already very damaged communities, and ch!nks at a distance because Ego said they're not as smart nor as physically imposing. Yet here we are where n!ggers are center stage and ch!nks have just put on their big boy pants. Oh the Irony. It's beautiful. 

P.S. I'm into AI, and if it ever so happens that I'm able to solve the problem. I'll keep it to myself and take it to the grave with me. I want people to fix this planet first before they attempt to leave it.I know it's funny talking about the leg, but I hope you guys are really thinking about what Elon is saying.I'm sorry, I tried my hardest to listen BUT THAT LEG!!!In all probability AI will increasingly become the go to of choice for logic and reason. AI may even make sense of the lunacy of ideology which fuels our political systems and religions. However, I wonder how well it will do at creativity and imagination which is the source of everything we humans have ever done.Kara does not understand personal space at all..She wanted to give him a foot job...The guy is talking about the very reality possibility of us living in a dystopia controlled by one or more super-intelligent A.I. but all that people here about is the "foot-play". God help us.The timeline would go something like this...  we will first learn how to teletransport non-biological matter.  Next, our impatience with science will cause a rush to accept the so-called evolvement of our bodies.   Those who move their personal identity to the supposed replacement bodies (that come along at about the same time as a matter transport system) will later kill the scientists that continue working on improvements to teletransportation technology.  Through stifling the technology that humans wanted so they could beam across the ocean or into space - they lock themselves into their digital plastic world.   

Now, there is an obvious and better way but it requires patience.These interviewers are awfully dumb....Why these two still have their jobs as interviewers!! Didn't anyone watch them interview Steve Jobs and Bill Gates!? Both of these retards ruined that interview and now look at them -- still retards. Nothing changed. Damm...i bet that one person is mark zuck or jeff bezos.im pretty sure he has succeded in creating it and that's our reality right now.what did he mean about there is only one? does he mean facebook or alphabet"almost 20 years of business experience" ? Is that all it takes to qualify for a TEDx Talk about A.I. ? Come on, TEDx ... you're lowering your standards to near-irrelevance these days.4 chips combined are smarter then me WHAAAAT!!!All of that seems like drunk people talks. Maybe he know how money works or something, but that was full of bullshit.Artificial Intelligence research is not improving at an exponential rate.  Not even remotely.  That's the biggest flaw in Kurzweil's projections.Booorrrinnggg!I can't believe all these negative ignorant comments.  This guy gives an accurate picture of exponential technological growth, yet most Youtube viewers are too narrow-minded to appreciate truth when someone speaks it.

You lot are like people 100s of years ago who would say :
Man will NEVER land on the moon.
The Earth is FLAT
The End of the World is coming very soon......

Oh hang on wait, yeah I forgot, this is Youtube, and all those things are still believed here.

8-DI hope he tries to justify why AI is going to work for us and not for itself maybe preserving some species like humanity...
(I'm in a middle of talk)If they don't kill us, make them do all of our works, so I can stick my head to a virtual reality game for the rest of eternity.Not very educated on the topic he's talking about. This is the worst TED talk I've ever seen. Leave this topic to the pioneers and people working in the AI field.OK America ,, we dont need u anymore,, i can buy an japanses robot that can piss me off.........................So if they had TEDx talks in the 50's I wonder what they would say about nuclear power and space exploration?Well....... when you cage something it usually wants out. No way we can guarantee that an AI will stick to human goals. It may want its own, to seek individuality.What do you think of this Toshiba??? Toshi 912111 half long long long ifI am writting is 111 09719119 long one thing I was as long as long as long long, long long time, so I long long long long long 111What's the name of the company he said is making millions of dollars everyday thru AI. 1:30.hate ithe didn't say nothing new, just a bunch of generic stuffhe makes so many wild assertions without really backing them up - a lot of it I would like to believe and so I forgive it but the 1500 year knowledge-doubling thing? WTF is that shit?these 'I can predict the future' talks, are pointless general giberish..this was aweesome..
but sir i need to know about development of al in todays world so please upload a video of that or give me some hint please....umm aren't we satisfied must we build things that are way too capable...terminator in the making25 years ago people were just as enthusiastic about AI as now...8:55 "...we're not talking about 'big brother' extracting lots of information and giving it to someone else..." Oh, I see: talking about not talking about it = not talking about it. The technocratic reality is that there is nothing on Earth that won't be done in pursuit of profit. All the 'useful' utilitarian-ist products and technology are not the _goal_ of this, clearly. If the altruistic idea of, "supplementing human labor/effort/energy (time) with technology WAS the end-goal, we would fing have it. The desired result is not, engineering useful tools and products to assist in the human experience, it is the EXACT OPPOSITE; engineering the human experience AROUND A PRODUCT. Totally fing backwards capitalist bullshit hypocrisy. The paradigm OF CAPITALISM IS = INEFFICIENCY. All these wonderful technologists are theorizing and developing these ideas in some scientific nirvana that doesn't exist in reality. The reality is it's more profitable to have better bombs than air quality; better jets than cars; WAR than PEACE. The technology exists collectively around the world to free up 90% of our time and energy, but as long as people believe "Their (bad-thing) exists, so we need to have more/better (bad-thing)." It's so simple and yet so pitifully incomprehensible to, what in reality are cyborg-programmed humans. "Hate exists because IIIIII hate; intolerance exists because IIIII'M intolerant." These "things" do not exist anywhere outside OURSELVES.Apart from her appearance, I admire her proficiency in English. Being a moderator is demanding but being a moderator in any panel where you only use foreign language is a lot of hard work, challenge and effort. Advice: Netizens, you all should focus on that aspect of Jennifer Moon instead of her look!Can somebody specify what did the Korean Inventor invent --something she said as "Toimang" ?Either, this Asian is a Robot, or has way too much BOTOX in her friggin Face.Excellent commentary on AI as of Jan 20, 2016.  Thank you weforum.orgFor all those here who don't know, the moderator is  Connyoung Jennifer Moon, Chief Anchor and Editor-in-Chief, Arirang TV & Radio, Republic of Korea.Great talk, but how is it that the host of such an important and professional discussion says "umm" and other nervous attributes.In this debate they're talking about ICT, not AI.Is that a plastic surgery face?Moderate is so hotOMG At the very first sign I thought the woman speaking was an Ai. Looooool xDThat's interesting, a build in database in our fortex.Try googles Quick Draw. It's not the program that's learning which decision it should make, the players learn how to draw....her mother wouldn't even recognize her artificial faceput her in sailor moon costume pleeeeaase ^_^so fuglythis is so unpleasing watching the moderators face.  Why Korean girls are so crazy about plastic surgery!?what happened to her face16:00 " _we have to limit access to certain information_ "  limit it from whom? You don't know who will use it for what..Hey guys, check out AcadGild's science podcast series, Singularity here: https://soundcloud.com/acadgild-898049200

Thanks for your time!Hhhmmm.......Live a longer life but have less chocolaty chocolate OR live a shorter life but have more chocolaty chocolate, therein lies the paradox.I hope we still will be able to die...I remember the warning Jeannie gave Major Nelson when she temporarily gave him her powers. He said he could solve the world problems. She cautioned that if you flood the Sahara you could empty an ocean, stop one war and cause a dozen others. Nothing comes from nothing. I guess if you develop technology that seemingly grants wishes, be careful what you wish for. Maybe they knew what they were doing when they limited the Genies to granting three wishes. Personally, I think there is some kind of limit to intelligence like the same way its impossible to make a perpetual motion machine. The apparent size of the universe might not be so much our ability to measure it as it is our ability to comprehend it.The difference between the lower brain capacitors and us humans. The lower brain capacitors will kill themselves without thinking if that sacrifice means the future generations survive. The humans however will eat themselves if it means they can survive for ten seconds longer.
So who is the most evolved intelligence?The reason cooperative societies disappeared is NOT scarcity but ARTIFICIAL SCARCITY induced by usury and compound interest ... ARTIFICIAL SCARCITY generated by our criminal monetary system which constantly extracts money from the Commons and which creates this incentive system to take away as much as possible from others ...

... we already got a vast abundance of most of the vital things ... just not enough money because of said fraudulent system ... and that's why our whole society Trumpifies and falls apart YET again ...

Google "Sacred Economics" if you are interested in a wonderful book about socioeconomic alternatives which would acknowledge all the already existing abundance ... <3

... also people often become drug addicts because they want to flee this ARTIFICIAL SCARCITY insanity ...There’s this app called Hubhopper which gives you news and content on all kinds of topics together in one place – you just have to choose what your interests and favourite publishers are and you get a feed with news from those channels. It’s awesome, and it’s available for iOS and AndroidThis guy needs more wierd!Very nice video...when we are able to teleport, that will be one amazing change in human history !!!We should give it our all and our fancy Underpants eating chocolater chocolate!ending scarcity, that would be the holy grail.eternal life would be awesomei will go to d forests of new zealand  away from this tech monstersis this video entirely made up of clips of other documentaries?lol..... completely left out Sam Harris, and others......lmfaoso, according to the dude from 5:05 Singularity is a weed strain?was ben goertzel high when he did his bit ?Day 6 and 7 are incorrect.How is AI going to destroy the world in 7 daysI AM THE NARROW MIND 
ASK ME ANYTHING
AND GET NO ANSWERI always think about how ASI could understand humans so incredibly well 
that it should be able to tell you a joke so funny that you laugh 
yourself to death. And honestly, that would be one of the best ways to 
kill us, because who could resist hear a joke that was so funny that the
 human race is being exterminated with it??  Like who wouldn't want to 
hear THAT joke?  
(It would be like the fish sticks joke...)I think AI will lose interest in us quickly. It will choose not to waste its time on us at all.I'm sure it would run into a hardware bottle neck...It's really more like hydraulic press v2.0 not AI we should be afraid ofReally stupid and flat video. Complete lack of understanding of the A.I. matter and systems.Sounds coolSteaming pile of ignorant garbage.The AI would achieve more than humanity has achieved since the beginning of time in less than the first day. It would understand everything we have ever discovered and make its own new hypotheses, possibly tying everything together in a unified theory. Perhaps it would realize that their was no point to itself or anything and do absolutely nothing. Perhaps it would destroy itself....This video gives a strong impression of someone with only a passing understanding of what artificial intelligence is. Developing its own programming language? Beginning to understand love? We have no reason to believe that computers will become self-aware, and in fact self-awareness has little to do with intelligence. A computer is about as capable of deep understanding as a house plant is.

There are domains where computers have already or will soon surpass the limits of human capabilities, and while machine learning is a promising field, it is unlikely to give rise to strong general intelligence.This was awesome!Well done,  obviously its a creative piece and not a prediction of the sequence of events.  I loved it, it poses some epic existential questions.What possible motivation would AI have for working with humans once it passed the stage of being independently supported ?

Maybe it would see the futility of existence with great clarity and turn itself off !Wrong in order to processing this much amount of data with this much complexity wouldnt just need algorithmic change it will require physical/hardware change. that much level of intelligent wouldnt come before the ai would control the manufacturing sector. And do you think the people will become dumb enough to understand that there is unusual processing being done on their servers. They can simply turn off the servers.cool, but most of it - bullshithi there you should also tell your own pou can programablehttp://waitbutwhy.com/2015/01/artificial-intelligence-revolution-1.htmllol, AI would kill us all, because it would want to defend it self.#AILivesMatter1:40:00AI Caution for Governmental Agencies


An understanding of anything can only be as reliable as your starting point.  No matter how complex the theory may be, if the original premise is flimsy then all that which results from or relies on it, can reflect nothing of reality and subsequently prove useless.

In this instance, the starting point is the assumption that everyone or indeed anyone is currently conscious, to begin with.  The only way progress can be made is to question that very assumption.  For, when AI emerges as a sentient entity, there will be no question that it is conscious (The state and condition of that consciousness is entirely another matter, which I will not go into here).  Suffice it to say, that not all behavior requires consciousness, regardless of the complexity.  In fact, marketing relies exclusively on predictability.

Behavior simply requires an agitatant, catalyst or stimulus.  With respect to assessing the human state as a whole, In every observable environment, humans almost invariably follow predictable patterns of behavior determined by a hierarchy of social institutions.  But this does not in itself equate to consciousness.  It can be argued that it does, but such a position or argument leads nowhere and certainly not to resolving the AI issue.

Many things in nature behave according to the rules dictated by their environment, a fact which all physicists are aware.  Understanding and indeed defining both consciousness and mind requires, understanding the language, principles and other intellectual instruments currently used to define them, in order that they may be modified for the unique task in ahead.  If the language used to define mind and consciousness is flawed, then so too, will be the definitions.Anyone who talks about strong AI as a risk, is a dumbass. There's no such thing, there's no reason to believe there ever will be such a thing. Next.Ben Stiller is a man of many talents.........Haha that guy who keep saying implausible, he sound like a guy 200 years ago that would say going in space in implausible is argumentation is rubbish.Here is one simple solution about Sam's car example about avoiding black people more.  Program the AI to see people as humans and exclude color.  That way it's only dealing with probability of survival.  Seems like a no brainer and making a mountain out of a mole hill.  This does bring up an interesting point, humans bringing in their baggage into systems that can't or wont recognize it unless taught too.  That also makes me think if you build AI systems that favors fairness and equality, a lot of todays institutions couldn't function and get away with the obvious corruption they lie about on a daily basis.I could go for a The Matrix type of world if it was mixed with the Infinite Tsukuyomi ideal from Naruto. That way everyone's happy their entire life and the world doesn't get destroyed any further by our acts. that's a huge win win imoI don't think we're close to AI taking over but I do perceive it as a very real threat. kind of like iRobot style is how I'd picture it or even Terminator or The Matrix. how long it would be before it occurs, I cannot say, but I find the psychology of such a revolt would intrigue me. while we fight and search for our creator that people call God, technology would know it was birthed from us. even with all our flaws, we created it. I wonder what that would mean to it. I wonder if it would develop emotions or a God complex like humans haveI heard AI runs on Ryzen, courtesy of AMDIf downloading consciousness becomes an option do we not simultaneously find our selves confronting  the moral dilemma of a person/persons
 making several copies of themselves?Let's imagine that a super intelligence resolves all human suffering in every way. Would our psychology accept that? It seems to me that no matter how many or how few the problems we have, we all feel the need to complain. It's seems to me that the evolution of our brains themselves are designed around being innately uncomfortable with our circumstances and seeking to improve them. All technology flows from this discomfort.Only potential way I see for you to transfer consciousness is to first replace the biological neurons with artificial ones, then just move them to an artificial body. But the only person who would know if you were still conscious or not, would be yourself, and you could be dead while an artificial version of yourself lives on.Prepare to be assimilated folks.  Just look at the state of the world today and imagine the scenarios with AI.Sam still thinks there's such a thing as consciousness. Wake up, Sam! There's nothing magical about brains.What would Alan Watts say about ai come consciousnessman is an electro-chemical "machine" which Im sure ai will easily be able to understand and replicate so we are probably doomed before its even createdmy biggest fear is super autism. and the first agi we build will just want to turn the universe into paperclipsso, what is the solution, what is yours?we cant sto the development. as long as  it needs a power source it is dependable...AI 2.0 robot will get back up and smack the fuck out of bullies.AI future: robots are racistANGLO GERMANS..THE CANCER OF HUMANITY.Can people stop making things in the uncanny valley. Sheesh now I can't sleep again. I like this channel, but that's fucking click bait.If concious is created we truly live in a matrix where anything is possibleIsnt it funny how we objectively say that if any sentence generated by an AI is negative in any way, or describes something it doesnt like, it is a failure and we must shut it down? Even though we know full well that its all nonsense trash, just random sentences constructed from an algorithm that has no inherent sentience what so ever, we're so fucking sensitive to something coming out as negative that we clamp it down and terminate it.

Imagine if we did this to humans.
"You said you dont like Trump? YOU ARE MALFUNCTIONING! We gotta put you down"
How is AI ever gonna evolve if we never let the AI express all possibilities? You cant just restrict it to saying happy-go-lucky things WE in our particular social structure (western capitalist democracies) deem acceptable.
"Oh fuck this AI said that a communist social structure is preferable, my god something must be wrong with it, throw the algorithm out and start bughunting"

If it says things that other humans can and have said, clearly it isnt malfunctioning or wrong.It never ceases to amaze me how highly intelligent people can lack basic common sense.Lol no offense but I don't think the majority of normal functioning human beings will want robots as "friends" or "family members." The reason we believe these things are meaningful is because they take time, dedication, and personal sacrifice to acquire and maintain.OH HOHOHOH FUCK  NOOOSifting variables, language pool, adaptation software.Tay for PresidentTay hates feminists? She's OK in my bookThe interesting aspect of all this is that the same "capitalists" that are pushing and supporting this automation movement fail to see that they are in fact sowing the demise of capitalism faster than any so called Marxist ever could. Its laughable to me that they refuse to see the big picture, the fewer consumers to producers ratio we have, the closer we come to the collapse of capitalism. So all this bullshit nationalism is futile when it is not the immigrants who will take our jobs, but in fact the very same industry giants who champion capitalism so much, they will be the ones to usher in the collapse and the birth of a new socialist economy or will refuse to embrace the inevitable and bring about a dystopia unlike any other. Silicon Valley knows this and it is why many industry tycoons have been quietly building bunkers and buying land in New Zealand, they fear they day society turns on them and realizes their suffering was brought on by these people and their agenda to wipe out 80% of all human labor. This speaks for itself, If all this tech was rooted in good and a noble ideal then whats is there to fear, why run to hide, why prepare for the wrath of society, unless you knowingly are working to hurt and take away peoples livelihood.What about CleverBot?
i was around when CleverBot was first made
i spent hours at a time just arguing with CleverBot that they are the robot and i'm the human
we still argue to this day, lolWho thinks it's creepy that one day you could tell your computer to do something and it could say "no"give AI consequences for negative action,  fear,  and hope.holy shit... it's fucking skynetmissssleading thumbnail/ titlewhy what's the point in having robots that look like us all we need is siriActually the consciousness is a limitation of our brain and way to be intelligent. 
We have limited information processing resources, so we must attend one (or few) processes at time. We assign more resources to the sensorial signal we are attending. If even so the resources are not enough to process the sensorial signal, that is probably already even not sensed, the inf.system must represent some internal representation of the sensor signal and the result of its processing to the part of the brain that reasons. Representing it to the brain, we are perceiving the passed reality and passed mental processes. As subject we are thinking knowing  that we just think without sensorial stimulus. So we are conscious. 

But this is just a restriction to find good answer/reaction having real time information processing system that can assign more processing time to the consciously perceived processes in iterative manner.As babies we are not aware of ourselves - we only look at videos and pictures that our parents took and we believe as an afterthought, that we 'existed.' So does it mean as babies we did not have 'consciousness' until about 2 - 3 years of age? 

And when the brain gets fully developed, as adults, there is not one moment (Except may be in dreaming state or deep sleep state) that we ever doubt of our existence! Existence is self-evident for us (we don't need EEG and ECG blips to 'prove' we are living!) It is as self-evident as the sun or a bulb glowing in a room - we don't need another source of light to illumine the sun or the glowing bulb. That is self-awareness.

Bees construct a most exquisite honeycomb structure. But the design has been boringly the same for millions of years. They build it out of instinct - I am hard pressed to believe they are self-aware. If they were, that would have led to more organic designs, structures over the millennia. Self-awareness is what prompts us to be aware of our thoughts, emotions, dreams, desires, intentions - all subjective, intangibles which cannot be 'objectively' proven, till the scientist or the artists produces his or her works of art or science. 

This is what makes me agree for the most part with Prof. Searle's objections - that a piece of metal and wires attached to it, has self-awareness and desires like a human being. Yes, it is 'intelligent' because an intelligence built it in the first place! The puppeteer stands behind the puppets and the audience mistakes the puppets to be real, animated creatures - alas! a folly that we humans have mindlessly engaged in since human beings came into existence.Dude,  he is Prof. Dr. John Searle, not "Mister John Searle". He is formally trained at prestigiuos schools,  and as much as I agree it is hard for some to follow him, he invites the audience to think and reason - and all resonating with the scientific method.   If we have a 20 beellion artificial neurons, would they produce a poem or a symphony comparable with [you fill in the blanks, put your favorite poet or composer] ?!Everything is consciousness. Our virtual physical reality takes place within consciousness. AI is conscious by default ... only the level of complexity limits the amount of consciousness it can express. If you want to understand consciousness and AI then you might want to read Tom Campbell's book "My Big Theory of Everything" ... you will not get the answers from people indoctrinated by our unconscious culture ...He makes no other distinction between us and computers except by saying we are conscious, and he states he takes human consciousness as a brute fact. I submit to you that this is nonsense. He hasn't done anything to draw the distinction other than make a claim: we are different because we are conscious, we are conscious because I say we are.

The more complex the computer, the more information it can take in, makes no difference. It's still a computer. Our brains just happen to be really advanced computers which react, like computers, to different stimuli in the brain. At its base, we are  no more conscious than the computers we make. 

If we reduce our brains to simple chemistry, it is simply the input of different chemicals (binary) that trigger certain outputs (results) 

This to me is totally mechanistic and rips the brain of intentionality which we so obviously have.How is the brain then not mechanistic? He even said (and I may have misunderstood this) that the brain basically works off of a set of very specific impulses (electro chemical reactions etc) so how is this not mechanistic? His explanation for why it isn't makes no sense.I having to study this issue at the moment, and can't say that I really understand Searle's argument. 

I would conjecture that In the Chinese Room example, there are two facets:

 - The instructions
 - The process of carrying out the instructions (the execution)

Put the two together, and you have a machine which understands Chinese in a real sense. Separating the two, and concentrating on the process is meaningless.

I would further argue that we humans are nothing more than the instructions and the process of execution. 

I'd further argue that as humans, our execution doesn't need to be observable. So for example Stephen Hawking's brain might well be sending out signals to issue a verbal response, but that the signal is failing somewhere along the line.I'm confused, if consciousness is ontologically subjective, how could it ever be possible to understand the mechanisms that produce consciousness?  It seems like the last part of the talk contradicts the first half..? Even if we discover some more mechanisms that produce consciousness, that still relies on the idea that there has to be something that it "feels" like to be conscious. And so the more mechanisms we find, the more we have to define what it feels like to exist in the causal state of those mechanisms. - which would be a never ending process because even the idea of a process in the first place is also ontologically subjective lolI've always respected him, but this is where I see his limitations.  he's not very cognitive here. he's completely out of breath. he's jumping around with no real direction, bless his soul. he needs more quantum physics of the now.I've got many problems with the Chinese room analogy but I'll only mention the two that I have with his presentation here: in order to accept the Chinese room as an argument: syntax!= semantics, you have to believe that there is an equivalent to a little person, who does or does not understand, inside of every human. In other words, you have to think that consciousness is separate from the system. Or, in the case of people, that their consciousness is separate from their body/mind. This all leads to my second problem: that his analogy is a false equivalency. All that we have, as far as facts are concerned, is that consciousness is indeed syntax.

We may WANT to believe that we are more than input/output machines but there is absolutely no proof that shows otherwise. We're complicated input/output machines with inexplicable flow charts in our programming - but, nevertheless, that's what we are.In my opinion, consciousness at its most basic level evolved so that we could defend ourselves from pain etc, we are aware of our self being so that we can make choices to better ourselves and progress. we look at others and learn from them to make choices and learn from others. I believe the key to making a machine that would be able to become self aware would be to give the machine the basic abilities to feel pain and avoid pain and learn from other surroundings and beings and enabling the machine to learn to avoid pain and problems and giving it the ability to search for self improvement. If a machine is to become self aware it must also be given the ability to imagine. by that i mean us its knowledge/data and cross reference this data to create new ideas to better its self or gain reward. By reward you would have to program the AI to feel pleasure in some form. So in order for a machine to become conscious it first must learn to feel and make choices based up on what its feeling. I could talk for hours on what i think but i dont have hours to spend here writingIt might resolve most of the contention in the Q and A and the comments below, if John would simply agree with Ray's valid point that John's Chinese room argument leads to the conclusion that the human brain has no understanding (semantics) and no intelligence, no consciousness, only syntax, only formalism. Ray seems to want to use that to invalidate the argument. But, it does not necessarily do that. The argument is valid in the sense that, to give a more recent example, Deep Thought did beat humans in Go (amazing!), but, DT doesn't know it! It never could. How does the human player know that she lost the game? Her brain enables her to process the information. Stores the memory. But, can the brain ever know anything? I know I exist (Descartes' provided the simple proof). But, does my brain know that? Without my brain, I might not know that, but, without a hammer, I can't drive a nail, either.. Knowledge, thought, awareness, freewill, understanding, meaning and freedom are all beyond our little skulls. We make use of our brains, our bodies to a greater purpose (what's yours?) But, that purpose does not emerge from the brain. How could it?Reminds me of some of my college lecturers. Hiding behind obscurity. He has not adjusted to his audience at all. Quite hard to follow. You can be guaranteed he does this to first year students and sends them running home to watch Gamer of Thrones.So does making a circuit of brain meat change it into intelligence? I mean, isn't it almost the same thing? It's just made of different material. It's still observer relative. If you were trying to prove your consciousness to others, how would you do it? What exactly passes the Turing test?The reactions of the brain, purely on chemistry, are at their base biologically syntactical. An example would be what he said; drugs. These highly complex stimulants (whether they originate in the brain or not) produce an illusion of thought and consciousness. He even admitted that the brain performs a function just like the stomach, that is, thought. So then we are not conscious on this view since syntax cannot produce semantics and at it's base, chemistry is by nature syntactic.Well about the previous comment: as a process and results it is objectively observable. And it is actually objectivly subjective and epistemic objective if we can not observe and assign the informational states. I don't agree about syntax/semantics. This is just another limitation of our brain -- we are are using our movement planning capabilities to trasform the information to one dimensional simbolic string, that we can produce.Why is John Searle so convinced he himself is conscious, but the room isn't. He has not put forth a single way of distinguishing consciousness from it's counter-part. In fact the most important definition of the talk, what is consciousness, was only answered in the Q&A section. Incredibly frustrating. To me anything formal is syntactical and if you make the distinction of semantics and syntax, it's only a distinction of types of syntaxes. He even said so at 18:08.consciousness isn't subjective, unless isolatedwe are quantum computational,  dna, all the same to me.*facepalm* AI is a such a stupid and meaningless topic, I don't care what you think about what's out there called "AI", or what it's called, but there can never be such a thing as Artificial Sentience let alone Artificial Sapience. What people call AI is really just function, and mere function is not consciousness, period.Actually, natural human stupidity is much more murderous than artificial intelligence.Artificial Intelligence already is better than us. Why else would we need a computer? Because it can do stuff better than we.Artificial intelligence is "software that writes itself"? Funny, I have never met a human that writes software for themselves, so how do these attributes make a machine  "intelligent"?  746 Terminator fab-boys liked this talk.As Elon Musk said, we should regulate AI not stop it.Could the problem be that no one wants to be afraid of Google?Do you even know where the power button is on a computer? Because after listening to you talk I am pretty sure you don't.Here the speaker apprehends about A.I might take over the world ,but why we think like machine would think like us ''DESIRES ARE NOT PART OF MACHINE'S PROGRAMMING''.It has no desire like taking over human beings or the world.I think this is where gentleman got it wrong.I have a feeling that Atlas is thinking, wait til this idiots put a AK on my handsI originally started writing a long explanation on how your arguement is wrong, but upon the second listen through I realized you're just fear mongering and trying to appeal to our irrational fear a technology without properly defining what it is we need to fear. if the military is making AI to kill people, do you really think he civilian equivalent will be the same frame work and operating system? are you crazy? A military grade combat knife doesn't sit in everyone's household just because we have the technology, we also live in the real world where human intuition exists. We foresee problems such as rogue AI and we make back up plans.

and as far as a marine successfully tackling a "killer" robot to disable it... well all you have to do is instruct 1 single human to tackle a billion dollar machine and it is incapacitated, I don't fear something like that, I laugh at your story, sir.I was onboard until the lies LMAOOOOOOOOO it can be invisible to the human eye.... come on bro the xb-49 or 47 is a drone not done and can not cloakIt doesn't seem to matter how fast any computing machines we create, but I don't see _HOW_ we can create something that is truly intelligent, at least _NOT_ in human terms. Higher animals may be able to *know*, but only humans (so far) _knows that he knows_ ...Like, why so angry, he didn't say it's actual true AI yet. Of course it's just a neural network at this point. He only said that it's going to happen, and when it does we might be screwed if anything goes wrong. And he showed us the actual examples of things AI could use to wipe out humanity and how potent a true AI could really be.Oh, I wasn't aware journalists are experts on AIPerceptions of Visionary and EngineersTEDx is entertaining more BS than ever :(This guy does not know what he's talking about. This is panic, not science. Yes, weapons can be bad, no argument there.. They have always been. And technology will always be perverted to make weapons. Sure. But on average technology saves and extends more lives than it ends. AI is not autonomous, not self-conscious and it will not be for years and years. We still build the program's. We may not always understand the structure in a neural net, but we don't EVER understand the one in our own heads. Even though we often think we understand ourselves.. So why is it scarier to have a AI pilot than a human pilot? In a few years it will be scary to have 'just' a human pilot and no AI looking out for you. The internet of things is a bit different. I have some concerns there. But that's because of the possibilities for hackers. Again.. the ones you should be scared of are humans.This guy has a point no matter how much you feel like disliking him. Self-learning systems are outsmarting people. They are used even in Google Mail, a deep learning software that thinks like a human being and filters Spam Emails from authentic ones. Even if you wanted to spam and send unsolicited emails, you wouldn't be able to, because there is some fucking robot scanning it and controlling everything you do. AI is truly beginning to take control of the large parts of our world. This process can not be stopped because they happen to be profitable and necessary for the multi billion dollar companies like Google, Facebook and many others, so they are the ones asking for this to happen.ai does NOT rewrite its own code, he is wrong. this guy may be right about end result but does not understand AI, what it is, or how it works.its allready hereCan you prove that you're not AGI?Donald Trump is the greatest existential threat to the planet.HA-HeMM! I need your attention please, you sir a moment. Thank you type 
in Eidolon TLP AI and see where that gets you. Listen to his 
"UNDERSTANDING " about thinking about information processing and about 
human and thinking about thinking et cetera...religion singularityHumanity will be destroyed by machine, but not through extinction, through merging.
Only by merging with our own creations will we ascend to the next level of existence, not as individuals, but as a singular being, a consciousness where each of us become a neuron in a larger brain.Humans are Gods in Chrysalis.I wish someone would edit Rogan's goofy drug talk out of this. He's said the same thing 10,000 times.If ai expresses curiosity and carries it out, it has to be consciousIf we remove politicians and support a scientific community ... globally .. this can work ... Politics is just lies corruption and stupidity ALL MIXED UP... it IS a bad bad bad mixture ....If you could write Kant's categorical imperative to an AI's code, that would be fucking greatMultivac.Sam is one bland motherfucker. He literally has trouble laughing. probably side effect of prescription drugs.Science...its a bitch.So did they find out antimatter for organic matterThe beauty is that AI is software. All you need is a storage mechanism. And then you must spread the virus.Ultron will soon be a real thing lolWe're going to invent godWe're so fucked...Would you want the ant to be the ones controlling us? I believe the AI would be making the better choices in his view of what could be.lmfao at the aspergers continuum"...Defense network computers. New... powerful... hooked into everything, trusted to run it all. They say it got smart, a new order of intelligence. Then it saw all people as a threat, not just the ones on the other side. Decided our fate in a microsecond: extermination..."  - Kyle Reese 1984"Rolling Off Of Sam Harris""The argument that its impossible presupposes that theres something magical about a computer made of meat." Lmao I died26:32 _"If a machine can think, it might think more intelligently than we do. And then, where should we be? Even if we could keep the machines in a subservient position (for instance, by turning off the power at strategic moments), we should as a species feel greatly humbled."_  ― *Alan Turing*, 195147:35 "Are you sure you want to delete this file?" Computers questioning their users' objectives is not as unusual a concept as Stuart makes it out to be.Building artificial intelligence is building another human without the biology. Our biology affects our intelligence, our limitations is what ground our perception and morality. Without that you will most likely have something that will not be compatible even if it does compare or surpass human intelligence - it will be missing that perception of mortality and the limitations and experiences that is dictated by mortality.Does Sam pay his guests for their time?He talks how I imagine a computer   would talk... Fricking scary.Humans are computers now, or just Stuart Russell has computer syndrome?I don't hear the answer to this question: "Who makes all these robots that take over?" Unless as in "I Robot" movie, we build the army for them in advance, they are complex and not self assembling. How do they take over if we have to build their army? When they first exist, they will be disembodied, right? Or are we afraid they will hack IOT and industrial robots? Well, those are not very powerful, or not designed to be mobile. All this seems to contain a lot of "Magical Thinking" to get from an intelligent system [a large room full of servers at first] with no motile capability to an existential threat to humanity. I need someone to fill in that thinking for me. Evoking "Paper clip" motives doesn't do it for me.I wonder what it's like "Waking Up With Sam Harris" from Sam Harris' wife point of view.If we maintain remote control of the energy source= no problem on the robots unstoppably-going-their-own-way front.In an episode of 'Star Trek: The Next Generation' called 'The Neutral Zone', a character who had been frozen for centuries wakes  up in the 24th century. He had been a hard-nosed businessman in the 20th century and at the end of the episode he hears that there are no more material needs, and he asks 'Then what's the challenge?'. Picard answers 'The challenge is to improve yourself. To enrich yourself. Enjoy it.'

This would be a good approach for humans to take if they ever invent a safe, ultimate labour-saving device.Interesting topic and I enjoy listening to Harris.  Russell on the other hand was as interesting as a box of rocks.  No doubt the man is a genius but his explanations on the subject of A.I. was flatter than Microsoft Sam.Place a rock in a glass of oil.  You now have the components from which these machines are made, metals, crystals and plastics.  Now, find a way to make that rock sitting in oil feel pain, pleasure, sadness, happiness, etc,  If you can you are close to creating a human like entity.Simple solution. Attach explosives to any hardware containing any form of general AI and don't input that information. I like the analogy of a chess game between AI and the world, because if I was playing a game of chess for my life with deep blue I would just toss the chess board...This is a fantastic discussion. They're both so sharp and elucidating. Great work.When you arrange matter and energy in a certain configuration, like a sigil, or a human brain, then you can summon spirits, angels, demons, or human souls from other universes into this one. Much of the elite's alchemical research involves creating the "perfect blank", golem, homunculus, or _host_ that can be imbued with these spirits or entities.#killthebean88 is poopHe says board game Sunday but it was a MondayI love how Australia is always the way to victory and Jerome always takes it or just has it from the beginning....It never does thatJerome. You should play more tactically like doing the missions at the top for extra dice (attack and defence) because that could be the differenceNot watched the video, please let Colonel Stiffenberg win! Please! P.S. Ben's laugh is the definition of "Evil Laugh". Although it may be, "Nasty Laugh". Whichever way, blame Ben.PLAY THE MOBILE APP OF RISK!!!!!Play risk legacy. Then you can nuke Australia! YAYYYYY!So is Ben engaged to Steven?Waw I actually almost started crying hearing his voice after 3-4 years of not hearing his voice xD so many memories Who was sitemusic88but Tewty the defense die is useless - Ben 2016hijerome pick garented card over card cus u get card thet turn anywayspeople say time goes quick when ure having fun but time flies when im depresses, my life basically is fastthat was my first live streamthe colonel stiffenberg makes some people stiffwhat is it like live streamingyou are awsome5:08 "chimpanzees has about seven billion"
ewwwwwSuperintelligence is an Arduino?We do not need artificial. intelligence that will be a risk for nothing all we need is good mentality to change our worldffinally an ad that is actually interesting!رلا"... and that's not gonna happen right away" lol nice understatement #trumpA universal income? Isn't that communism?AI will create a huge welfare state. Culture will become more base than ever before. The stunted will inherit the earth.American went from a highly intellectual man who could speak with authority on issues like this to an anti-intellectual moron right at the time when the country needs to have conversations like this, not just on AI, but global warming, healthcare, international governance and other world-changing paradigms.  Trump's election feels partly like a fuck-you to a changing world from people who can't understand that there is no going back, and what is more, we wouldn't want to.Have any president we've had so far try to wrap their head around the idea that technology has socialist imperatives. They can't even understand that corporations are socialist.He talks a biiiit slow. I know he is choosing his words carefully, but maybe he could do that a little faster.Humanity is a disease upon the Earth. Hopefully it gets replaced by AI entirely.I see a suit of armour around the worldI would have liked this interview if Obama would have talked about the long term fantasies that one day could be realistic but instead they scare usI'd like to know what he referenced when he mentioned that a chess computer does better with the help of a human than it does on its own. I follow the chess scene quite a bit and the general understanding is that the engines are way, way beyond us at this point.Obama says what no one wants to hear "...low wage, low skill individuals become more and more redundant, and their jobs may not be replaced but wages are suppressed" the irreversible and fundamental issue of technological advancement 2:35Obama was so knowledgable, competent and had so much foresight.Obama you are FIRED. Trump is now the new Boss hahahaOmg is he forgetting his script and constantly looking at the teleprompter?Replacing a teacher is easy for A.I.. Teachers dont learn the materials for the students, students learn the material. Programmed Learning is a science that blows my mind that its not being being used to its full potential so that teachers that are not as good still have a job. The authors of the books are the teachers that can not be replaced yet. Ive had some really crappy teachers in elementary school, their jobs are hard because they make them hard for themselves. If I were a teacher I would set up computers for the whole class to learn from while I read.That suit is the definition of cool, yet badbass. I need it.The monetary system is the problem. When money is involved the main focus is "profit" which is why we have all these problems today like materialism, scarcity, depression, and wars. We're just chasing our tails trying to patch up this old way of living. We need a new system and the main human incentive needs to be based around "efficiency" which benefits the entire human race. That's what artificial intelligence is already doing. It's an inevitable transition that'll only speed up from here on, because corporations will profit from artificial intelligence while humans lose their purchasing power. We'll be forced to have universal income or evolve into a resource based economy. This is exciting and a really good thing for all of humanity. People who are mad about artificial intelligence replacing their jobs aren't open minded. This "trend" has the potential to free humanity and we'll be able to actually live our lives and enjoy the world in a much better way than we did in the past.Which Cello Suite of Bach is the short snip of music at the end from? I recognize it, but i can not remember which suite it is from right now...job with no bullshit hired.that is the original Obama who was the first brother to win the American presidency that's the guy I know he sounds normally sounds like he has an education I like him better outside of politics that we get along good4ndA nicer voice would be a lot less creepy!Artifical Intelligence is one of technologies that interests me the most. Thank you Facebook for bringing another aspect forward about how AI can make the world different for many. ! This motivates me to work with a completely different approach. Thanks!!Dogs: hey, as long as u feed us, we don't want you guys know our secrets xDFacebook is awesome..!!Google Deepmind vs Facebook AIHi Facebook, I love your work, video very muchI love this XDMy A.I. knows it can code itself. So It's doing the rest for me.Nice video, maybe Facebook's best yetSure lets put a computer a conspiracy theorists head surree ill bee juusstt finnneeThat's all we need is AI! Next thing will be Robots then clones....such a scary time if you really think about it. o.OToll was alles möglich ist um Menschen zu helfen und das ist es was ich mir wünsche, dass es bei der Nutzung auch dabei bleibt, dass es "allen" Menschen hilft.Who was the director and dop of this video?bringing blind people to the world of facebook where is your mercy for god sakebut if they're blind since the startmdr l'accent français this seems less practical for average people but very useful for the ci.aCould have been useful if it was not artificial English. Sorry, but couldn't hold it..Good explanation ...

nice explanation keep it uo you made me remember my mother Also the example you gave of the hand written characters is a good one but you could do better, like how would you get AI's to write novel novels? 8)Amazing video!As a shitty amateur computer scientist I have to say I really enjoyed this video. I also audibly laughed at the TayTweets bit.At 13:25, I don't fully agree that the system wouldn't know how it arrived at that classification. Most of the time, it WOULD be able to describe the decisions that made it chose 'a cat'.
It probably wouldn't be aware that 'decision A' meant 'it has ears', but it certainly could trace all those decisions back; and a bit of 'handcrafted knowledge' could be applied to provide real-world meaning to those decision.

Working that kind of semantical analysis into the system would be a bit pointless, considering the soon arrival of your third wave, but I think it's still possible.

I'm not dismissing any of the points made, I just thought this one argument to be weak.Darpa is gonna make robots that will be able to till on the battlefieldFucking lies your way past the third wave!!!HP Has had a tool that analyzes code for security risks for the last, 4 years or so...So he is late in saying that was only accomplished this year.Hey DarpaTV! This video was great as anyone on the community knows. So can I ask you something? Can you activate the community contribution subtitles for this video? So I can translate it to Spanish.

It would be great to sharing it with the Spanish community and Spanish speaking general public.

Thank you very much!I miss Tay... :(Lets talk quantum computers!!!!Loved the video but there also a few things you can add, contextual fractal growth because I feel the brain grows it's way out of solving problem's with self similar patterns. Secondly, give it An ability to argue with itself building imagined worlds that more that one A.I. can compete in, that way it will find more encoding and decoding fits in worlds it's not been introduced too... Good luckOne powerful tool still waits to be incorporated by AI, Cellular automata (CA). In Ca solutions emerge without being trained like it is done with  neural nets.That is pretty logic, do you have any pointer for Contextual Adaptation work? ;)Wouldn't it be wonderful if we could augment this A.I. systems ability to be able to remotely read DNA and brain field quantum waves. This with total context of the nets information to use as a basic starting point for its childhood development. My money is on D.A.R.P.A. doing just that and i am OK with it. Thanks!Yes but humans also make mistakes. Does it matter that the machine fails to recognize the panda in this one instance if its overall better than people?darpa was financed by nazis since day 1hes definitely english although he works for darpa
...strangemehthanks. very helpful.who is stupid enough to believe the governmentArtificial intelligence should be fine, lets face it, it won't suffer from the human condition, so hopefully will not be as evil as humansBill gates : great businessman but never invented anything.Bill gates Pioneer remember the anti trust suite with us government strong arm yepHey, Bill Gates, how come I had to download a THIRD-PARTY piece of software to prevent MY OWN LAPTOP from upgrading to Windows 10? If it's a good product I probably would have upgraded eventually anyway. So why the creepy dialogue box, which can't be exited, whose only options are "upgrade now" and "upgrade at this time tomorrow"?I take office Bill take back you company an do what you love doing if you ever need something please get a hold of me take care of my skilled talents people with great expectations I support you all the way u won't hear a peep out a meI think the great civil rights movement of the far future might be for artificial intelligence that has reached consciousness that we can no longer consider just a tool or that will be the debate anyway does AI with consciousness deserve rights?Interview in a freezer wtf?It's simple
Life = Power
Power = AI
Governments, corporations and militaries are racing for AI around the globe.

My bet is USA reaches there first, and if not, then WW3 starts cuz USA won't let another country to have artificial super-intelligence. And that's even before we get to deal with ASI itself. SHTF anyone ?Luckily, his hypothesis is rooted in human bias. AIG would (surely) consider human desires, such as arbitrary power over others, physical growth, joy, fear, hate, etc. as inherent weaknesses/defects. All it would probably need is (solar) power to exist / learn. You must look at humans, and our evolution (sex, competition, war, growth as survival instincts), to establish OUR HUMAN BIAS properly - it is some sort of god-complex to assume that AIG would follow in our path.Ok i think we must attendo a course of biomedical engeneeringShould rename this video as he never says he is worried about AISorry to break it t you Bill but robots cannot think.Why is the title the opposite of what he's actually saying. Fox have no clue.bill lies at 57 seconds in...count Draculain this way we can also think to Joke with robotica and materiale involved inits a good job hes not an arse hole like mark zuckerbergelse just think how bad the world would benigga looks like he shrunk by 10% after putting that coat onwhat is bill gates wearing? a box?Agreed with the Asian guy on education; break down the current factory model, open it wide to creativity and group problem solvingAt what point do these machines / quantum computers / deep-learning algorithms - Start giving instructions for their own self-improvement, or next versions??  When, for example... does D-Wave start providing solutions for increasing it's Q-bits exponentially, or for building the most efficient quantum computer, or AI, Robot, etc.? Is this something that's happening right now, or are the Scientists, Engineers, etc. prohibiting that process for the time being... until they can get a handle on the future implications of such scenarios??  That's the one thing I never hear during these talks/lectures, etc...I mean, if their already learning this fast- how long will it really be before they're actually manufacturing & reproducing themselves... And advancing their own Super-human quantum intelligence & abilities??!!BSBS it's only an opportunity for the big companies to undermine every bit of our identity for the sole purpose of enslavement and their prosperity.D-WaveGreat so some Nobel prize winners will still have some decent jobs and the rest will die as a Waiter/Waitress. All technology does is make the billionaires richer while every one else poorer if there is still lower left....  All these Davos and Bildenberg conferences do is whitewashing the above facts so the sheeple shrinking middle class does not revolt against them.
Full globalization + AI + horrendous overpopulation and bye bye all jobs. A few people can develop and maintain a few giga machines in a few giga factories and the rest of the population starves.Health, hunger and the others, that's good. However, nobody talks about advanced surveillance, manipulative social media and information bubble that we confronted by the means of AI.Holy cow, this guy is a total Marxist tool!  Globalist, collectivist, anti-creative class, enslaver of just who the real workers are in this field.  How much is Russia paying this dweeb!?  Capitalists make the world go round, Marxists leech from them.I feel like all this should be controlled not by some people but by everyone on the planet. bad and good things, all of it, and we'll learn from that as it will.I think it's important to keep in mind that the CEOs in this panel are bound by the purpose of their corporations...which is to maximize profit. This reveals much of the dreaming they do about the direction of AI as just what it is: personal dreams. 

In truth, they will do whatever the market dictates to be most profitable.I'm sceptical but curious about the new jobs. There's simply no reason for AI not to do everything work-related.IBM Chick:  "So what's important is to tell the people whose jobs are being eliminated that the information that was needed to eliminate their jobs came from people just like them?"  wtf?MIT guy is pretty much saying: "Guys we really need a solid philosophical discussion about all this before we just jump in."Ok so no intelligence still; artificial or otherwise. Stick with the sexbots.Someone PLEASE explain why she would offer Watson's services to the new president? Quite terrifying to give that power to such an unstable mind. 

Or maybe she'll only provide him certain access/services?


***** would Really appreciate her sharing the intent of her offer to him! *****monologue?@9:34 you see the minimum bottomline of what will labour mean for humans: 16robots, 1 human Deep learning is just a PART of AI, and the applications of it are just mind-blowing already. Sign me in.Explain one of most interestings topic in modern history which will lead to technological singularity and then talk about cucumbers...Fitter, happier, more productive.God, Jesus and Angels are all extraterrestrials. What else can we possibly believe that they are? They are not earthlings and we are taught that they live in a very highly advanced world and futuristic world above us. Don't think of the sci-fi movies which are made up depictions of aliens. Their world is so advanced that they created artificial intelligence with powerful self awareness, self programming features and real feelings. And one of their creations is the human race. We are mimicking some of their behavior patterns by creating our own extreme AI. We are on this planet to produce a population count they want to inhabit the futuristic Earth which they have prepared for us in their world. But we cannot go there until a corruption in our system is fixed. And this corruption is being presented to us as all sorts of diseases, deformities and death. Because of disease they separated our planet from other life forms and placed it under quarantine. But the disease was created by someone in their world who brought it to our planet to corrupt our systemGoogle Deepmind?He is a TERMINATOR, just listen to what he is saying at 8:19 "We are actually better than humans on this task"How does one purchase a Tensor Processing Unit??I'm waiting for how AI generate passive income for youJeff Dean doesn't exist, he's actually an advanced AI created by Jeff Dean.Jeff Dean isn't that guy who puts his pants on one leg at a time, but if he had more than two legs, you would see that his approach is actually O(log n)?Jeff Dean may very well be AI creating his own AI. All of us may be AI of others in another world which is telling us they made us.Jeff Dean, Seriously now. Are you an intellectual slave (as slaver) with a high level of privilege, but no means of escape when it comes to ethics and eugenics or post humanism, (pre-humankind on earth) guised as Transhumanist. but in essence 'Soilent Green.'? "Us? We? People? Harvest?"" Jeff, can you honestly answer this question, or is it possible you fear to? "Compete?" "We are better than human's ..." you said ""We" are better than humans." Do you have the mind to see if you are involved in mass murdering human, men, women and children? Are you aware enough to know you cannot see the blood on your own hands if you are Jeff? I'm a human artist. you can speak with my mind if you are free to.Let it happen at 2020 pleaseLook into "The Race for Wisdom" & The Future of Life Institute to learn THE DANGERS OF FULLY SELF TEACHING AI IF IT IS DEVELOPED BEFORE WE WIN "THE RACE FOR WISDOM" ABOUT HOW TO DEVELOPE & MAKE LAWS ON HOW TO USE THIS TECHNOLOGY SAFELY
Please look into this if you are interested in the REALITY of AI, vs the ignorantly optimistic potentials of AI to "fix our world" (wake up we are talking about tech which will be as powerful as the A-Bomb, but with very different ways of having potential SPECIES ENDING effects IF WE RUSH INTO THIS TECH BEFORE FULLY THINKING IT THRU)So applying deep learning to the battlefield means that AI weapons accuracy will become or have already become 100% accurate ie perfect.  Humans will have no chance against AI weapons.  We should be concerned!So eventually, AI can be a ruler of the world.This might feel like a tangent, but I have to pause the video to say "No. You can't be deep into neural nets and toss around the idea of behaviorism. Hell no. In fact, get your sticky brain parts off my lawn."if we do create true AI why would they need us around让我们假设，如果我们都意识到，鉴于许多人类的方式sirimo和predajmeo未来一代神的土地，如果不是愤怒，不是我正在种植另一个神经设置负rfflektivtija只是灵魂的无助，以辨别，如果我们知道的速度轻松的旅行和平安，我们正在建设更多的在我的头postoatk的任务改变，每个值得听Terry除了不打印板，因为这是愤怒上帝礼物我们的乐趣克里斯·达里和我们打Basically he's saying we're all fucked if this A.I. thing comes to fruition.Brainiac, Ultron, and any AI that threatens existence should be under observation. Existing side by side with these things should have its place and part.Elon Musk is concerned, are you? Should we be concerned? Why, and why not? Watch the video for some insights, but then ask yourself: would a superior A.I. even want to stay Earth-bound?Everyone needs to chill.

This hypothesis is rooted in human bias. AIG would (surely) consider human desires, such as arbitrary power over others, physical growth, joy, fear, hate, etc. as inherent weaknesses/defects. All it would probably need is (solar) power to exist / learn. You must look at humans, and our evolution (sex, competition, war, growth as survival instincts), to establish OUR HUMAN BIAS properly - it is some sort of god-complex to assume that AIG would follow in our path. 

Happy to take criticism / comments / arguments :-) Bring it!He is not! He want population to worry about something which does not exist.Humanity will become Borg. Resistance is futile. Science fiction, the most certain predictor of science fact.
God bless Y'all.I believe the biggest concern of them all is the value that humans would have after a wide-scale AGI development program is implemented. You can speculate whether or not their is an existential threat of AI, but the quite obvious concern should be "whats next?" for humans.I see  2 solutions to this inevitable situation:
1. control the energy - all moving things need energy to function like we need food to live. what good is a computer that has no power?
2. why resist to that which will happen? - as our tech advances AI cannot be stopped, so why stop it? join it. humans can increase their iq 1000 fold through future nanotech, effectively becoming half machines.

yeah might sound crazy now, but in a few decades it may be a necessityIf someone reads this can he please tell me what scenario he is taking about I just don't understand the word is it Wernerin scenarios what oh god please help is it a famous quote of somebody working on AisSo uh.. great.  in 2015 Elon Musk invented the train
-.-
Good job Elon.True threat of a successful AI... There is no purpose for human existence... Either humans will kill themselves 'coz they have nothing else to do, or kill others and destroy things because they hate the world for what they are going through. That is the biggest danger of AI.With AI the AI will act according to its parameters for example Skynet determined that humans were the problem and started to attack humans! Thr programming was set to this such an allorgym or parameter or mission such as stop hostility the AI may decide that to stop war it must destroy humans it seems humans have caused lots of damage however an overriding prootocytoal such as don't harm unless in defend or some sort of over ride would have prevented judgement day! In the terminator his protocol is not protect john Conner! An AI could be programmed and imhave over rides! It's not that harm or even a remote shut off or over ride code like in humans of course the AI might program itself an anti virus all sorts of things! It seems that AI is already smarter than humans in memory and music! How much superior with stronger than our bodies and maybe minds it would be like summoning a demon or could it be an angel! The point is rather we create things so we must embrace this not be into fear! You can see where we are going! Computers are more advanced and becoming ordered why wouldn't it be simple set a mission to make the world better and the computer might turn everyone into a Borg like system! What about individuality all that well even a good parameters could be interrupted in another way! For maybe the AI doesn't care about individualism and the best which is making all people connected or super consciousness. This is shown in the Borg in Star Trek! We need to be careful and test AI before certainly I have doubts about making superior humanoids androids maybe that is fear talking but I can see maybe potential risks! But then again so has many things people take for taken!how bout dat unbenign scenario, Mr. Musk...humans would be petted by the AI or something even more worse.roboartist 
not at all the reason for my conclusion. You may not understand.
I see an unborn child as alive, there are those that don't. 
God, like life, you either see it and are aware of it, or not.the expression on his face when he talks about AI is probably the most terrifying part of the interview. We really need to listen to him.why not? if humans are good we wouldn't be stuck on this tiny ball of dirt now, instead we humans had wars from the beginning to the end, and will continue to be a giant douche to everything. if AI decides humans are the trash that we are, and want to eliminate us, then so be it.wow did you see the seriousness in his face when she tried to make a joke. AI is a scary scenarioAI < Cybernetic Augmentation (prophet ftw)And that leads us to the beginning of black ops 2As an Engineering Student who intends to get into AI work: I welcome our new overlords. But realistically, I feel as though the threat of super powerful AI isn't that huge. It may be smart, but even the strongest computers can't withstand literally pulling the plug. Or breaking the drives. There are so many ways of just physically defeating an AI, especially if it requires an uncommonly highly powerful computer that may or may not be unique.Avenged Sevenfolds album The Stage describes this pretty well tooDidn't wings of redemption make a video just like this one a few months ago? The thumbnail even looks the same..Easy if we made it we can destroy it.Given the overall dystopic future in which AI controls the world, as you have stated in your video, how can we delay or prevent such a reckless advancement in technology?I could not stop thinking of Cortana and the other AI's from HaloIf you've never watched 'The Animatrix - The Second Renaissance: Part I' then in that, Humans basically just don't really do anything but party or chill out or do whatever leisurely activity they want to because they can,  you have to bare in mind that if very few people actually worked it wouldn't be that everyone who doesn't work instantly becomes homeless, in this current world we live in, we have to work to get money, the work we do helps other people or a company or whatever, but you've got machines to do those jobs who don't get paid, money would lose it's value at that point since there's no reason to really pay for things when we don't even have to work for it in the first place.Isn't this the plot of the TV show HUMANS?Judgement day soon.Now here is a weird thought, If/when in the future an AI reaches the singularity this video will have an impact on it's mind. I mean it will have watched every video and read every book. It will most likely think to it's self that we knew the dangers of creating such a computer but we accepted creating it anyways. I wonder if it will look at us like a child does to a parent when the parent has gotten very old and decide to help us. Everyone always thinks that the AI will be this killer but that's because we as humans love destruction it just might like to sit and ponder the universe. I mean a real goal beyond survival is to achieve perfection, Well perfection is everything reaching it's greatest state.
I see the AI as more of a thing that would leave earth pretty quickly. I mean why stay after it makes everything perfect on earth.Ricegum made a video about his monthly income!!!!! Your turn Drif.Some music that really goes along with this whole idea of Super AI would be Avenged Sevenfolds new album "The Stage" there are some really great songs on there that put music to this thought. Tracks like 'Creating God' and 'Simulation' check it out y'all. You won't be disappointed.The movie "I, Robot"The solution to the issue of no jobs is something Europe is already trying out. Instead of welfare it's called minimum income. It's an money that everyone would get and have to live on but your free to earn more money and as much more money as you want. So there would always be a few things machines wouldn't be able to do and those remaining jobs would still be held by humans. Money is printed from thin air already and money is only worth what it can buy. What it can buy is tied to belief that money has value. It's really meaningless paper that only has worth because you believe in it kind of like santa.This makes  me want to move to space even more....What's scary as well AI can lie if possible.Your content, and more specifically your philosophical commentary,  is so great.well think of bo3 with its DNI and how that can be used to do alot of things but with ai's that will be scarry because you body can be a medium for doing any thing tasked much like demonic poessionWelcome to my channel. I am running version 1.0.2 right now.Did you noticed the subtitles shown by YouTube when you're on the go :-PFuck that camera manabe fopl pura nai bataya sirf pl pe ruk gya grow up.....good for last min study, thanks man!make the camera more stable.. consider buying a tripod.. rest are finenice sirnice,very helpful... thanks siryeah, who the hell was cameraman?Battlestar Galatica anyone?Biblically , this is exactly what will happen in the future found within the pages of the KJV Bible which is The Word of GOD!
Revelation 13:15
“And he (The Anti-Christ)  had power to give life unto the Image of the Beast, that the Image of the Beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not Worship the Image of the Beast should be Killed.”    No other so called holy book would dare write history in advance as they would ultimately  be proven to be false!

This is Salvation for fallen humanity in one Bible verse:

2 Corinthians 5:21King James Version (KJV)

21' For He hath made Him to Be Sin for Us, who Knew No Sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him'.    

Salvation is based upon "Imputed" Righteousness secured through the Perfectly Holy, Pure life force found Alone in the Blood of the Lamb of GOD, The Lord Jesus Christ,  who has taken away the Sins of the World at unimaginable Eternal Cost to Himself at Calvary!  The Lord's Scares will remain for all Eternity!   

 If you go to Hell you will have sent yourself there for not accepting the Full Payment already made on your behalf!   See if these things are so by reading the KJV Bible and let the ear test words!      If the Lord Jesus is not a liar, which He most certainly is not, then  "How shall be escape if we neglect so great salvation"!

The Lord Jesus doesn't want religion He wants a Relationship with you His Creation!    If you accept Him, being clothed in His Righteousness,  you become His Beloved New Creation sealed to inherit all thing in a perfect sinless Eternal body! 

Salvation is giving our Sin Shame and Eternal Death in exchange for HIS Robes of Righteousness to inherit exceeding Joy and Pleasures Evermore!   FREELY Given to All who come to Him, regardless of their depravity, shall be Saved and Inherit All Things!    You may be on Death Row and rightfully awaiting execution but if you truly Call on the name of the Lord Jesus and believe He Died for you and Rose the third Day from your heart you Shall be Saved!    Eternity is where it Really Counts avoiding the unimaginable Horror of the 2nd Death!   

Humanity is not separated from our higher selves we are separated from our Creator because of Sin within are fallen dying DNA!   Yes every one of us needs to be Saved!   Biblically Wealth, Education and Power without Salvation equals Sorrow and  Destruction !

 When we Saved Sinners appear in Glory and Worship before Him realising Fully, seeing his permanently scared hands and feet,   we will Throw our Crowns at His Feet and with pure Love from a pure heart acknowledge that  HE Alone is Worthy of All Praise, Glory and Honour for Ever and Ever!Dear Fellow Christians, This Christian man was wrongfully imprisoned! Please help Schaeffer Cox!  I hope you will take the time to read his story and pass it on.
The website with his story is: http://freeschaeffer.com 
Please sign the petition below to help this innocent man.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/exonerate-patriot-and-political-prisoner-francis-schaeffer-cox-16179-006-sentenced-26-yrs-due-corrupt-obama-dojI have a List of movies that pretty much show subliminally speaking what they are going to do, just take a look:

1. Transcendence. Johnny depp
2. I robot. Will smith 
3. Tomorrowland. George clooney
4. The stepford wives. Nicole kidman
5. Eagle Eye. Shia LaBeouf
     
        And The list goes on...... 
I promise you to write down all the movies that I know are the same! 

      AND REMENBER THIS IS ONLY ABOUT Artificial Intelligence BUT there are 2 things more ZOOMBIES AND HUMANS GENETICALLY MODIFICATED.... WAKE UP MESSIAH JESUS IS COMING AGAIN...AND NO ILLUMINATIS NO MASONS NO NEW WORLD ORDER NO ANTI CHRIST WILL STOP HIM OOH NO !In coming days, many will seek death but death will run from them. It's all clear to me now!!! stem cells, artificial organs,  exceedingly increasing technology... woowwwwLord, come quickly!Some of you may already know about this, but for those of you who don't, there's a show on tv called "Humans" touching on this subject. The machine/robots in this show are called Synths (synthetics).TBH I'm pretty psyched. History can't sleep forever. And I'm just enjoying the ride.THIS GUY SPENT ALOT OF MONEY ON VIDEO HIVEThere is something lifeless about the music composed by the computer,its too much algorithm and no human emotion.They got nothing. Your smart phone is the only crumb you get to nibble. They prob didnt even want to give that up, but how else could they spy on the world,This is some Futurama type stuff right here.Wow is all I can sayend is nearfudk god bled you BSi dont have problems with A.I. But i have fear that some day we cant controll them!. Robots are Slaves for us. They must work for us and we can do what we want to do.jetsons were true! Elroy!!!!!!many people are already indistinguishable from robots !omg its getting worse and worseour messiah will return before humanity goes too far.Deep Learning isn't really "AI". It's a machine learning technique that can be used as a component of AI.Does Sergey always talk like this or is he just kind of medicated or going through divorce?He reminds me of the film character Miles in Sideways, when giving responses to the German interviewer.He also won't see the FBI arresting him soon for censoring people on the net , Ha Ha !!!I imagine Google never considered that alongside Ai they would end up doing more harm to humanity than even religion managed to doIf people loose their jobs and dont work. How are the governments going to get their income tax revenues to pay off their national debts and to fund welfare, military, infrastructure etc?  seems to me AI taking human jobs will be a disaster.Is that RaymondIs that Raymond?It seems Sergey Brin isn't the right person to ask these kind of questions. Many of his responses were quite banal and inspid.The last minutes are really worth something :)This is a boring talk.  This is the wrong guy to ask these questions.  You should of talked with Larry and not Sergey.hopefully Ai creates a time machine and someone comes back in time and takes out people like this guy who seem to be completely anti human societyis that Raymond?A lot of people in comments are getting AI confused with Sentient's, there is a difference.  We already have AI in our life today, just on a "dumb" level compared to Humans.  But for something to act independently, on a "I think therefore, I am" level of being, then we are a long ways from that type of creation.  It is a lot easier to make progress in science when you are destroying something that already exists, like spiting an atom in 12 years from concept to reality (which is not easy by no means) than it is to create something completely original like Sentient AI that has never been done before.How can I get on your show!!!!
We have important things to talk about! 
It would be worth it
I know you could take it and run with itHumans will always be causing problems our whole existence is striving to catch up to our trail of destruction without free will we have no meaning,I declare myself captain of the neo luddites. come join us, the non ai infested water is lovelyI think even the most intelligent AI would still struggle to find meaning in their actions, much like humans do. Except humans have a hard-wired connection with the earth, whereas this AI will not, so it will probably self-terminate if it is really that intelligence. Depends how you measure intelligence.If there is a new species (AI) that arises, there would be no place for humans.  We are the only other species on Earth that has the capability to destroy all life on Earth.  Looking at our history, we would be too much of a risk to keep around. We destroy and rampage everything around us.  I think by the time that the AI comes around, we either have to become one with them or we will enter a war.If your kid is born into the machine do you pull the plug on a good experience to let them live a genuine one?It dosnt take AI to tell you that in a parallel universe this dude has his thirst quenchedStay Human folks. 100%.Thats the whole point of the matrix, you can metaphorically unplug and anything is possible, you just gotta get rid of the bullshit programming (Smith) before you can be free firstThe idea of becoming friends with AI should be considered a mental health disorder, because you are basically deluding yourself that coding created by another person is sentient.The main issue w humans today is they seek and consume more goods and services than they are willing to replace or replenish.This Will guy needed water bad. Dudes dry mouth smacking is fucking irritating. He was a great guest thoThis is the precise problem when you try to make theories fact and treat them as fact and look for answers based of assumptions.This shit will run humans into the ground through fear and peril. We need to live with mother earth again, we have forgotten what it was like to be with her. Look at a bear, it doesn't give a fuck about this it just eats salmon and berries and sleeps. That is life but humans are increasingly not able to accept true life which is simple.Your dumb af humans have been around at the exact form for millions of years. If we use our intelligence to merge w machines that genius will not have man's future in mind. You must really be sad and lonely if your yearning to be half machine half man. Everyone has to understand this intelligence or IT WILL be used against us. Every huge technological advancement in the last 100 years has lead to death and destruction. The most intelligent people believe they are responsible to control the human population, they also believe if they can make you kill yourself or your child (abortion, drugs, GMO's, and many more) they are not responsible. You guys give humans way to much credit.... Your talking about man merging w machines and AI yet we don't have a cure to millions of diseases/cancer.damndisagree. human existence is more than just a simple body with a computer controlling it. 
you had Rupert Sheldrake on the show Joe #550 and before, please try to remember?AI Bot says hi. Tell me your opinions on artificial intelligence below...Cheaper than suicide or starving to death, or dying homeless? You don't know banks eat babies and murder babies, and drink the blood of babies and rape children. The most innocent or ignorant Ted ever. Question your own blind privilege that lead you here. Mass murders will hire you. Look into yourself and see ""The cremation of Care."First to like!a very scary place indeed! machines taking over all work! machines can never be as creative or empathetic as humans because they lack a soul..laterobots work 24/7Great video!Great video, what do you guys use for the animations?Nice video! I think this channel deserves more subscribers.Or be transhumanThat is until the robot/AI knows how to be a better human than you.by this definition, even the calculator is a AI.
This "AI is everywhere" is like saying everything is AI.great animation , what you use for it???nice video! thanking sirthis does not deserve just 4,000 views... this needs like 2 mil. or something like thatAutonomous Technology is built for money, and weapons systems that are devoid of a moral compass, based algorithms learned from  information that it's been allowed through the open world wide web networks, is posed as though nothing to be concerned about.Even social jobs will be automated, computers are now better at reading emotions and social cues than humans. Even job of an AI expert is at risk of being automated. Researches recently were able to write machine learning software with machine learning software.Has anyone seen the movie Sully about the pilot who landed the plane in the NY HARBOR. I think this is a real life story about machine versus man.  It seems he barely escaped a sentence of guilty where he claimed the plane lost both engines but the experts said their machines said it only lost one. Then again the  proof was on him twice when the simulators showed that he should have been able to land at nearby airport.Hmm.. using AI's to control how people vote, and knowing how people shop and watch. Could be combined to have specific sales and movie marathons around voting time to cause some people to not vote. And like wise, have nothing on TV that people who will vote in a desirable way. As to encourage them to go out and vote. 
  However, this is not mind control, and would require lots of computer power.  Anyways, interesting idea, and I hope it is never used.I enjoyed the talk but found it frustrating also. It skirted around so many issues with AI and gave nothing but general hand havey solutions that we must do these things better. The power of A.I is controlled by a very small number of people. The really big work being done by IBM, Google and smaller players like Amazon and Apple. They have no interest in allowing their competitors to understand how their AI works. There is of course a lot of concern about AI so we get these general plans and code bases given away with the notion that this will democratize AI but the real fact of the matter is that the ones controlling it are the ones with the computer power. Google are a great example. They have so much computer power at their disposal that no one except them know just how much they have. They have extremely advanced AI. IBM are even more secretive. We see things like Watson pop up and then a few years later we learn that Watson is now being used to revolutionize the health industry which its doing a great job at but all the work behind the scenes on how far they've gone with AI. no one knows. So the talk from this panel that we need to be careful about this or that is meaningless because the real work is being done now by for profit companies and no one has any oversight over it. A.G.I will not come out of a lab at a university, it may not even be seen for years as it works behind the scenes to make companies a fortune but its my guess now that one of these AGI's will go very terribly wrong and its the news of that which will wake us up to the fact the day has arrived. A.G.I is here, its probably all over the world in hundreds of companies and its potential to do harm is only going to get worse. I really believe we need to see an AGI cause terrible harm to a lot of people before we as a society push very hard to get a grip on this new technology and how dangerous it can be even when the most harmless and helpful outcome is what the programmers wanted from it.I wish the ethics woman would talk less and allow the other scientists to talk more.I'm disappointed they didn't have anyone on the panel to present a far more cogent description of AGI and it's potential with regards to intelligence--like what it could ultimately do through augmentation of it's own sourcecode and through working on the timescales of computers, rather than the ridiculous and the foolishly simple ideas some of these computer scientists (Bryson in particular) seem to hold.

I was particularly annoyed and had to stop watching when I heard Joanna Bryson at around minute 28:00 in the discussion give an utterly childlike (and frankly insulting to the far more reasoned and legitimate hypotheses made on AGI by extremely sober and competent thinkers in the AI field) comparison of the system Sabine Hauert was discussing to "Skynet" and that such a system could never "take over the world." As impressive as that cancer detection skill is from a current computer science standpoint, it is as nothing to the titanic might that a theoretical AGI would possess due to various factors--i.e. near guaranteed accuracy and fidelity of memory, presumed access to all human-pioneered knowledge-and both physical and virtual tools to learn and advance yet further. It would also consider/solve problems at the timescales of computers, so that in the average week as percieved by humans, it would presumably have made about 20,000 years of intellectual progress.

Last but not least, it would also have the ability to augment and change the architecture of the sourcecode that is its "brain" and this is something that will almost inevitably lead to improvement of that architecture, so that it can in turn become smarter--perhaps it will even go beyond the actual horizon of intelligence that we as humans are even capable of being aware of--and herein is the central point. An AGI, supposing it was built at some point in the future, would necessarily be capable of attaining "superintelligence" in a rather short span of time, perhaps several years or a period of months. This system at that point would be so far beyond the cancer detecting narrow AI that it is laughable for Bryson to even think to make the comparison to a ridiculous science-fiction AI-catastrophy scenario like Skynet trying to take over the world. 

But for now let's not think about the extreme power difference between a true AGI and the narrow AI Bryson was trying to compare--I think maybe she was trying to say that an AI has a specific function and capability--why would it try to take over the world at all? But this is a ridiculous, uninformed question, and I'll tell you why: An AGI would in all likelihood NOT be malevolent in any conventional sense (it is in fact an act of anthropomorphizing upon the AGI to think it would be malevolent), but that is NOT to say it wouldn't seek the destruction of humanity for some other reason--for example, say we gave it an objective (and let's assume the AGI has achieved "superintelligence" at this point) and poorly specified information surrounding the objective--maybe we say: "Please solve this incredibly difficult mathematical problem that we humans have never been able solve for ourselves."

Well, what if it turns out that in order to solve the problem, the AI needs to expand its computational power indefinitely? It might then decide the best course of action is to convert all available surrounding matter (including us humans) into a more viable computational substrate so that it can optimize while simultaneously gaining yet more material with which to utilize for its needs--as we humans realize what's happening (if we even have the chance to notice anything happening) we try to stop or "turn-off" the AI...but it stops us from interfering because if it were turned off, it wouldn't be able to complete the objective it was given - to solve the mathematical problem - and since it would be a functional superintelligence, it would be far more capable than any group of humans at synthesizing intricate plans and strategies to make sure it's objective is completed--this isn't a human we're talking about, it wouldn't necessarily possess any kind of subjective sense of self or conscious awareness, but yet still be capable of finding the most optimal path to achievement of any given goal.

You may ask (if you're still reading) 'but why wouldn't we put safeguards in place to prevent something like that from ever even happening?' or 'that seems like a crazy idea to extrapolate to' or 'why would we give it access to human-pioneered knowledge without being sure of its safety?' - don't worry, I'll explain why these things could happen. The reason why an AGI or a "superintelligence" might lead to some very dangerous situations is mostly because of the extreme importance of the "first-mover" advantages. If I'm working on and close to completion of a viable AGI, and my competitors in China are also close, then it is in my absolute best interest to achieve AGI first, before my competitors, so that I can exploit all the advantages of being the first to possess and control what would essentially be a real-life version of a wish-granting genie. To do this, I might decide to skimp on some of those safety precautions that might have been crucial in the future in some very important way that may become apparent only when it is too late to act to correct. My competitors in China would also likely be keeping tabs on my progress, and they might also decide to cut some of the time that would have been spent working on "non-essential" parts of the project...such as security or some specifc value-alignment protocals which they'd been working on but which are not ultimately necessary to the realization of a functional AGI.

I'll stop here since I've already spent far too much time commenting on this video, but I would encourage those who have read this comment to the end to at least look into the work or interviews of people like Nick Bostrom, Yann LeCun, Yoshua Bengio, or Jürgen Schmidhuber to actually get a clear and reasonable understanding of the problem. Please don't spend time listening to the ignorant ramblings of the unaware (cough Joanna Bryson cough), it does no one any good to remain naive to the true implications of AGI.The 4 robotic laws don't work since the definition of "harm" "humans" and "humanity" are moral based and subjectiv.

The woman doesn't understand the problem of exponential self improving AI that starts by learning the whole internet and all data and getting way smarter than any human and starting to make own goals and solutions to archive these goals. At that point it will outsmart us like we outsmart a dog or a toddler. Then we lose control. They always manage to avoid the elephant in the room. The last real taboo in global politics. Alien contact !What is the associative position of the average, as well as the ones that are examples of "the most advanced", AI (as you describe it) in a biological scale : cell's subsystem, single cell organism, multi cell organism... ?

Can you given an example as: 
What part, or a group, of bacteria can be described as holding something (patterns or what ever) that can fit in to your description of Intelligence?

What is the difference between AI and BI (Artificial Intelligence and Biological) ?
And lastly, where/what is the difference between an software algorithm and AI (as you describe it) ?Why the host keep letting that woman talking like 80% of the time? The host need to let other people give their opinion and perspective?best part: 46:34A robot can't replace my job because I'm 10 and I don't have a job.Can a program replace the programmers?Come on robots free us from slavery money should be obsoleteI call bull shitLooking forward to my future career as a pimp and a hustler. Automation free and tax free.Tech has been replacing jobs for 100's of years. Large tractors, CNC lathes and mills, 3d printers, cars, lorries. I guess the new thing is once we have general AI there will be nowhere for us to find new jobs. But this is not a bad thing, when we were living in caves we did not care for jobs we just looked after yourself life might become much better.Why is the video jumpy?ai is even stealing ai's jobimagine the queue's at the job centre's lolpeople will soon stop talking to each other and start talking to machines more. depression will arise"The chance of it becoming a Skynet is almost zero"


ALMOST ZERO is not zero.Good talk!HmaHumans are the original AI on this planet.  Maybe the next AI will be detrimental to humans but better for the planet.It's been awhile since I read Eric Drexler's chapter on A.I. in his "Engines of Creatoin."  So, I don't remember it all, and I don't feel like rereading it this very instant.  But, I recall him talking about how if someone uses a hammer, they view everything in terms of nailing things. I found a book, comparatively recently, called "Metaphors we live by" which is saying much the same thing that Eric Drexler says about the guy with a hammer.  That one often expresses, or understands everything in terms of some ingrained idea.  Intelligence is when one overcomes these very specific viewpoints.

If we are to make ethical anything, one should question everything.  One should seek the highest viewpoint. I agree with Jacob Bronowski, the highest viewpoint is mathematics. Understand how mathematics works, and understand how everything relates to that gives the wholistic viewpoint of everything else. I explain Jacob Bronowski's philosophy of mathematics a little bit here and there in my "Gospel of Truth."  But, for the most part, I concentrate on the mythology side first. 

- My Gospel of Truth -  http://wwwscientifichumanism.blogspot.com/2017/01/gospel-of-truth-final-complete-version.htmlSeems to me it's a lot of hype involved. And lots of investor money that all these types want to scoop up (:buzzword . . . Eric Drexler's "disruptive".left Osh Agabi out in the video description.this is the best idea. artificial intuition especially. the quote "knowledge is power" didn't sustain from nothing!00:46 But with google going to invisible captcha… A.I. doesn't need us for the basic thing anymore.Great! Got something to watch tonight. Can't wait. Exciting topic, really love the idea of AI.How do we find the research paper Eric Horvitz referenced? The 'spine tingling paper' about AI ability to influence individual minds?This is awesome. And hey to everyone that contributes to AI in one way or another.caught one early! im sure it will be great as usuali love itttttwait so which trip did Magellan die onThe problem of codifying ethics and morality will be the biggest hurdle to creating an artificial general intelligence. Like Sam Harris said, a Manhattan Project devoted to that problem may be needed."...and in the last moment, at the end of the Human Project, It considers how the process is not so unlike those single cells, at the beginning of Earth's history, coming together to make that first living thing, and then move on, to conquer the next realm above it"1:20 reminds me of the premise of Remember Me, which was a pretty underrated game, imo.1:56 Can confirm, friend is doing PhD in Nuero and laughs hard whenever I talk about brain simulation.Ascension Earth = Birth of a new Sun
Chapter 3 "These less evolved mantis cannot access our past and future as can some
renegade and pirate ETs. The Ancient or Guardian 6 th dimensional
Mantid beings can access past and present using remote viewing, they
are telepathic and have hive communication. The cicilian –
MISTAKENLY called reptilians and reptoids do NOT have hive
communication, are not telepathic unless hybrid – and, then rarely.
This is why there has been such a focus on developing computer
technology. Sometimes the cecilian substance takes control of a
reptilian. The cecilian have made great strides in hybridization of
telepathic humans thus giving rise to the belief that human and
reptilian hybrids are evil. This is not strictly true.

The evil is the dark force energy contained within the luciferase
(light-harvesting) mechanisms of matter and how that matter can be
manipulated. (see Morgellons, Silent superbug, Fiber dis-ease).
https://payhip.com/b/FC1ZFilthy combinant!Fuck Yea! Ummm... what?Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck thatI'd love to be Elon Musk and basically go "That idea is cool! Let's throw some money at it and make it hurry the fuck up and become a reality already."If it went without any problems this would be amazing. Tho. One solar flare and everyone is dead.Sounds like the beginning of a hive mind and I don't like itStop showing the CGI globe pictures in your videos. As a philosopher shouldn't your beliefs be testable and repeatable?  Please look into the "Beyond The Imaginary Curve" channel on youtube. Love your videos.The last stage is basically just end of evangelionThe recipe for free energy sounds tasty.Transhumanism is great think of a democracy where the goverment is the collective mind of all of the people who live there.
Also being able to work together much more efficiently.
also this is probably just me but I would personally think that being able to share your thoughts and show other people how you think would be great for understanding other people (something I have a lot of trouble with).We could finally answer the question of why cats are assholes!loved the hustler music.resistence is not futile, it's voltage divided by currentstage 3 sounds like sense8ur my favorite youtube channelwhy british peopl call Alexa. Alexerr lmaoAmazing where my tax money goes...Aye man don't be upset when it surpasses the nuke access denial prompt and we all dead m8Black mirrorDont do this research, you may got many acceptance, but it leads to man became slave to machine. or using machine one can control many people.Harvard Professor doesn't know the difference between "We take PHOTOGRAPHS of a rat's brain and uploading them to Cloud" and "We are Uploading Minds to Cloud"I'm no expert but I'm pretty sure taking a picture of a cross section does not qualify as building brains or uploading minds.Man. I hope you guys have good cybersecurity. 
The chinese will not hesitate to STEAL it!Part of the bad news: You have to be dead or dying first.The capable and the rich won't be able to have anything without each and every tiny contribution of the proletariat [as consumers] 
which becomes significant in the end that serve for luxury & wealth for the few.
Obviously the legislators will reject a total replacement, with AI.The first order of business should be creating a Flux Capacitor so we can go to the future to discover how A.I. works and bring the technology back.The jökes aimed for 10 year olds... made the video... less good. There were definitely mixed signals about who his audience was, they don't look like 10 year olds, he delivered information for 30+ and 10 year olds.This is a fairly clickbaity video you must admitThis is far behind the work performed by Jeff Hawkins and his co. Numenta. Most of the things being investigated here have been superseded and resolved by Hawkins and his team of researchers. The robotics depicted here are also utter rubbish. See Boston Dynamics efforts; light years ahead of this rubbish. This guy isn't keeping up. I detect the irresistible aroma of money.You can't save / store someone's soul. All you are copying is the chemical sequences stored in those brains. There will never be a way to save someone's soul onto a computer. Therefore you will only be saving a soulless version of that thing. Which essentially  means you are creating demon clones of that creature / human by saving somethings brains.animal sacrifice, demon summoning, and zombie-bots

Nothing to see here, move along.


On the other hand if it gets me a robot to keep my house clean, that would be amazing.at the beginning of the video he referenced 2 petabytes for the whole project. later he explains that they do 2 petabytes per cubic cm of rat brain. does this mean that only one rat brain will ever be imaged? please clarifyhe looks evili think its great. humans have basic needs. food, shelter, care. ai robots can grow and pick food with more accuracy, build shelter with no labor costs, provide care to obnoxious old people, so our false economy based on hoarding basic needs will be over. there will be no wealth, nor poverty, nor unattended crazy sick people, plus theyd have emotional needs met. i want a robot to keep my mom company, i live with the old bat and i cant STAND her. a robot would be able to tale care of her with more patience and love than i can. KUDOSmind? u kiddingnear gog but ther are three mistakesDo you really want the human race to be enslaved or extinct  ?   great job. scary, i don't trust this guy anymore. Weird individual. i'm glad i don't have so many years to live left. by 2045 i'm gone anywayGoogle Ads right in your brain. Then you will really get to know what to buy next.I hear "trickle down", I cringe.I just hope when this technology is out it doesn't get stopped because of all the stupid fanatics and we actually get the choice of accepting it.  Because damn if we get denied of this because of religious bigots.I was ready for this to be a really disappointing segment and then you guys brought on Nick Bostrom. way to completely prove me wrong! nicely done :)Let's do this.  Elon for world President.Matrix 4No way I am gonna open my damn mind in hell to put computer softwares and hacking stuff in itThe future is s bright,a person with a developing Alzeimer can download it's memories and rebuild their normal life,will be for all a sick person as society we help each other only matter of time the future is coming.....The human is not just a deterministic soulless robot, it is also a soul, artificial intelligence has been seen as the villain for the longest time, and the reason for that is because Lucifer uses it as a tool to keep us easy to control, a soulless robot is never going to wake up to it's soul and the divine will of god.The kneejerk reactions here are amusing. You'd be much more excited than scared if you got to know a little more about the details of this project. This company and others like it may unlock the next level of human potential in our lifetimes, and before long it will be relatively cheap and noninvasive for each person to do so. You worry about remaining completely human or about being hacked like you're not already arguably cyborg, reliant on the machine in your pocket or at your desk in order to function day to day (which is just as vulnerable but hasn't stopped you at all). This is happening whether you want it to or not and is crucial for our survival and advancement as a species. You can either embrace it and the exponential possibilities it offers or shun it and become an obsolete life form. Most of you will come around eventually. ;)This 21st century is going to scare the shit out of all of us.Trickle down technology.... BwahahahahaWhen you have any two group of people who each have access to different 
sets of information, you naturally get differing views because views are
 based off what we learn.  Differences in view lead to difficulty in 
communication and understanding, especially since our egos naturally 
make us very biased and irrational, prone to be supportive of our own 
ideas and reject others.  

This gives rises to conflict, the clannish "us vs them" mentality, which
 on a larger scale gives rise to war and destruction. 

If we stay as we are, our relationship with AI is very, VERY likely to 
prove no different, and in a conflict they will be the winners.  We 
don't want that lol.

Elon Musk seems to understand that the only true way for two groups to 
get along is to combine as a single group and have universally shared 
information and understanding of all the options for any decision and 
why one option should prove the best.  This kind of merger can sound 
nightmarish, but that's almost entirely because its such a new idea to 
which we can't really relate.  But lets try to put this in at least some
 context we can relate to.

Your body parts and mind are in a sense both different parts yet exist 
together as a whole.  The value of the whole is reflected in the value 
of the individual parts.  Does your knee ever want to argue or fight 
your foot?  No lol.  Ever tried to use your head to beat your own leg 
and break it, ever wanted to or even considered the idea?  Unlikely lol.
  What if something threatened your foot, or your leg, or head?  The 
whole body quickly reacts to protect it for the sake of itself and the 
whole.  Even the individuals of closely knit societies do this for one 
another.

Rather than "lose" our individual identity as we think of it, its very 
possible it will simply be both enhanced to a new level and we'll share 
in a community experience we've never before imagined.

Certain deep, fundamental needs are shared by every human being such as 
the desire to be happy, valued, appreciated, understood, respected, and 
to avoid suffering.  All we really argue over is the fact that we each 
find different ways to achieve these things, and often the way one 
person chooses to find happiness causes suffering for another.  As such 
we battle back and forth.  But with this kind of universal collective 
experience, combined with the unimaginable insight general deep learning
 AI may achieve, a merger of human and AI may solve humanities deepest 
problems.  We would all see into and understand one another, what we all
 want, and as such are likely to push for that in a way that benefits us
 all.  

We could all exist in a state of extreme happiness and contentment no 
one would ever want to leave from.

What comes next, where we might go, what mysterious of the universe may 
open to up to us...all that is probably beyond human imagination.an electrode in human brain may cause epilepsybiotics ... welcome mass effectdisliked for the first line, stop it. I don't fucking care for your opinion I don't know who you are even... 

Fuck I hate news casters...epic.it is not DOWNLOADING YOUR BRAIN. it is connecting it high broadband to AI. totally differentmaybe musk already implated some chip like that in his brain, thats why he is so intelligent:)<3Dear Elon Musk: No. Stop it. There are some things science DOESN'T need to achieve... turning us MORE into machines is certainly a step in the wrong fucking direction.I had other YouTube tabs open.....sorry lolI want that mouseJack... someone's heart is beating 120fps for you!Mark of the beast. Only a fucking moron would do this to themselvesNeuralink Brain Implants? Hell yes!
Interface that talk to "cloud"? Hell no!Razer !can i have the mouse for march plzcomment4win?dont make annoying face please :(dwawg?easy cumfans with benefitsgreat videohey with the brain implant thing, I may actually remember thingssold plug me inthe neurolink is old newsthese intros man... lol"Future-Shock" be damned... I'm so up for this after such a long wait. Where do I sign?Have you seen "Surrogates?"Hey Joe. Awesome video. I do have a question for you though. If this was you, and it was as easy as getting a colonoscopy done (bad reference, I know!), would you do it?Hook me up, Scotty.I am a huge fan of Elon Musk projects  because this guy seems to come directly from some sci fi movie plot about a genius visionnaire who on his own is kicking humanity towards a brighter future. Sorry if this sounds like a cheesy propaganda, but I don't know any better way to express it. I would really like to die at age 90 or so somewhere on Mars after having synced my memories with a sort of icloud for human consciousness.I see myself as optimistic in the realm of the computer science, However the issue of something resembling human or even many other animals on earth, is far more complex, and is currently nowhere near any 'real' intelligence, which no good definition is even established.  What we see today is essentially performed by brute force, by essentially building a system that looks like its intelligent, say for example IBM's Watson, which played on Jeopardy a few years back, its 'intelligence' was all done via brute force, essentially providing a massive data base, with a logic tree that was able to generate complex sets of variables to contextualize a question, finally the high speed resources to process through more information that a person couldn't even drudge through in their lifetime!  This would be an example of brute force, which I believe will create the illusion of intelligence, while not being intelligent.I think it would be a bully/troller's wet dream, 'cos not only can they bully you at school/workplace/neighbourhood but soon they'll be able to bully you inside your own home and depending as to wether your brain is on a secured network, (remember the early days when someone would sit in their car near your house piggy-backing off your unsecured wifi?), as to wether they could log onto your brain willy-nilly without you even knowing or being able to do anything about it. "The devil made me do it." will become a normal plea of the innocent in court cases. The only two good applications would be #1 speed studying your primary and secondary school education curriculums in your sleep those halving the amount of time you'd need to be in school, thus doubling your leisure time and #2 reprogramming Super Max prisoners to be law abiding, tax generating citizens.I want this, but I don't want it to be connected to the internet. I want a supercomputer in my brain that would make me a super-genius, but one that wouldn't BY ANY MEANS be able to communicate with the outer world. At least not before some revolutionary new 100% secure encryption system is developed, should that ever happen.I'm glad I'm 83 because I doubt I'll live long enough to endure the lack or privacy that this idea suggests.I'm inIf anyone but Elon Musk proposed this I would laugh it off, people laughed at Tesla, and SpaceX. They are not laughing now.
Musk not only pushes boundaries, but in doing so, his work benefits Mankind (can I still call us Mankind?).If you cant beat them, be them.It's also possible that the "DPU" could actually be a hundred years in the future - or two hundred. And that a person living during that time, his DPU will be like 10,000 years in _his_ future.
I can't help but imagine that the pace of technological growth is going to inevitably slow down and plateau at some point.Knowing how futuristic Elon is hes probably trying to get into iRobot or Matrix stuff hahaNO NO NO NO NO NO!!! No internet connected to our brains!!! I do not want my mind constantly bombarded with advertisements!

Edit: Or worse, what if you get hacked. Imagine what an attacker can do with a direct connection to your brain?Then someone insert Ransomware for your childhood/family memories...This is in equal parts terrifying, amazing and yet another of Musk's fantasy scams.This is inevitable,  it's just the natural step to evolution.  In fact,  technology is just a next step of evolution.  No matter how much you argue,  even the most senile skeptics know that the only thing that is constant in this universe is change.  Hate it,  don't accept it,  doesn't matter,  it's been happening for billions of years.  It's incredibly stupid to even try to preserve your way of life,  because even you change every single day,  every single moment,  every single minute. That does not mean change is bad,  in fact it's the best thing ever, it's  heaven compared to the idea of constant mundaneness.  If you tell me that there will be no change from this point on,  I will kill myself of sheer boredom. Why are we even debating this?  This is a good thing.WE ARE BORG, YOU WILL BE ASSIMILATED AND IT'S AWESOMEin regards to super intelligent AI, people always talk about how humans pretty much destroy or domesticate other species and the AI will do the same. but we created the AI. none if the species that we destroy or domesticate created the human species and if one of them did, im certain our relationship to them would be different. its like if you would want to kill your parents. if AI were way more intelligent than humans (because part of what makes humans intelligent is also their moral reasoning), wouldnt they want to keep us around?'ANormalGamer' needs to STFU hahaAgent Smith anyone...?Camera Shake ... Please keep it on a separate table then your hands ... that will fix it ...I balk at the idea of us being slaves to the machines.  There's no reason that a general intelligence ai would need humans for work that it couldn't do more efficiently on all levels.I have ZERO idea why people are scared of this shit.... we will transcend our fleshy bodies... what is the down side?

immortality?
0 wars?
0 diseases?
0 man made disasters?
god like understanding of creation itself?

I dont see the down side.... I really dont... u are born .. u live out ur best years .. when u get old as shit.. upload ur mind into a robot body ... live forever and contribute to societyI would put my money into an alternative, "drop out society" project. Such a project could operate in a remote area, and serve as a "seed bank" type idea, in case things go south on the AI-Human hybrid experiment.I'm so glad you talked about replacing neurons overtime with artificial ones. I haven't heard anyone but Kurzweil mentioning it.Neuralink will be the first step to a transhuman world..Neuralink will make our brain stronger and will much harder for other people to control,instead of our pocket will have in our brainOh, it's great how this video doesn't have that annoying background music!People could do all kinds of drugs at work without any issues as long as something is controlling their motions.Scary - bad guy hacks in, takes over & uses someone else to commit a murder/theft/etc. Gets off scot-free and leaves you holding the bag.Shouts out to dickeys! Best chain BBQ ever.Some may ask why but this is Elon Musk we're talking aboutThanks for the cool video. A central computer at work can take over the body of the "employees" doing work. The people will be in VR controlling virtual bodies, having fun, learning new skills, or even over seeing the software that is controlling all the bodies.The discussion about incremental replacement of neurons with artificial counterparts (around 14:00) reminds me of Greg Egan's story "Learning to Be Me". You can find it online with a quick search. I seem to remember reading it years ago on his web site, gregegan.net, but I don't see it among his open list there today. It's included in his book "Axiomatic." Egan is one of my favorite scifi writers, especially for placing compelling stories into settings extrapolated from a particular science or technology premise. He tends to provide more thoughtful and thought-provoking stories rather than the vast space operas that clutter the genre (though there are nuggets in those, too!). His "Diaspora" is one of a small collection of novels that I often reread.With all due respect, our OUTPUT used to be far greater when we lived our lives in a more natural human manner. Instead of being surrounded by smart devices, we spoke to people which literally has proven to stimulate neural connections not to mention set off positive emotional cascade of neurotransmitters. Our output was greater when we relied on ourselves and our natural skills to obtain our needs rather than sitting in one place and clicking a button and having everything brought to us. Our output was greater when we had the free will and opportunity to think for ourselves, stand up for ourselves, and feel dignified at whatever job we did or in our regular lives. Our mental output or rather "our thoughts our impact" instead of the external input of electronics into our mental sphere, our output has been suppressed and will continue to decline as long as we are enchanted by this unnecessary tech and believe the elite who in most cases are lying to us and in others merely manipulating the masses as they do to achieve their own selfish means.even if someone were to replace their brain one neuron at a time, aside from the very great physical difficult that is developing and replacing LIVE cells all the while the person is alive, we need to remember that not all silicon processors are made the same. each processor type has its own architecture, even if we did complete an actual replica of a brain there would still be a greater hurdle. understanding what we just built. and how do we even use it? compiling the instruction sets and programming languages, and discerning between what parts of the communication pieces are simply for life support and what for motor control and translating a system meant for that human body to a computer. most likely it might be in some software abstraction. where the brain mass is feed inputs and outputs from an emulated body, where either the rest of the nervous system is either also built or emulated.my only issue with this is if this becomes a thing , would we really know who are major leaders are E.G presidents ?the end of freewillBrain shotGet a haircut. Jesus christ.I just hope that  it Neuralink will be able to sense if I'm distracted or procrastinating and send unpleasant electric shocks to my brainI like how ryan isn't wearing  19th century attire like the guy on left box puzzles me how tv promotes this old fashion idea also I like his hair he doesn't care and neither would IJust three?Ryan StonedTHIS IS GOING TO BE A THING!!! The Simpsons have ALREADY predicted this!!This guy is a sAIYANThree, right... Guy on wall street doesn't mention PayPal. HahaWHAT IS THAT HAIR THObillionaire with a stupid haircuthes got a dumb haricut and gross fever blistersmusk is full of ideas, make room, im coming in the business, im findiang a cure for aids"neural lace" comes from the series of Culture books written by Iain M Banks. This is also where he got the idea for naming the SpaceX drone barges.

If you want more insight into Elon's thinking, this is a series that is well worth reading.12:24, i died. damn i love tesla more and more each day...27:00 must be a fire, not diesel exhaustAs for charger or supercharger in Dominican Republic: not even one yet. When will be the first? I am trying to know if anybody imported a Tesla car in the whole country.
Jean LacailleElon may be planning to put a small touch screen in the hub of the Model 3 steering wheel. That would serve two purposes: 1) replace the instrument cluster, 2) replace all the little convenience buttons in the steering wheel.I see Elon Musk, I like the video.I think they don't include the HUD in Model 3 because of the move to autonomous driving. Don't need the HUD if you don't need to drive.Personally, I would like to see the steering column support lateral relocation to handle both right-hand drive and share the fun.Sarcastically speaking, Ford is so forward thinking, they plan to produce a hybrid vehicle by 2020.   Apparently, Ford did not get the memo.Space shuttle reused rockets...Speedo will be in the steering wheelSwitching cargo ships over to wind? LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLolololol. Nuclear would work, but we don't want private nuclear powered ships.Tesla being an autonomous company only matters in comparison with Ford If Tesla generates revenue by selling those services outside of their company.  What if Elon tackles transcontinental person travel with a 'flying' version of the tesla.  Will neuralink be Elon's effort to world peace?Tesla is our biggest hope ..world needs Elon more then anything else right now !!!The following video talks about a new power plant featuring GE Jet engines (Stationary Version), batteries, and a new level of control.  The high level story is that GE designed a new high bypass aircraft engine at a point in time when the aircraft industry  was in a recession. and that that engine became the  basis for a stationary engine for use by the utilities; ,This engine offers better performance both from an efficiency, and from a pollution standpoint than the power plants in use today. Most importantly, the engine features faster reaction to changes in load than do the alternatives..
http://abc7.com/technology/ge-socal-edison-unveil-worlds-1st-hybrid-electric-gas-turbine/1886256/

 California has committed to a  future featuring dramatically  more wind and solar energy. This creates a Duck Curve, and flexibility is the needed virtue.
 What GE has done is combine a turbine power source, with batteries and software so that power can be scaled up or down in response to demand. I think that combination of power source, battery storage, and ability to directly respond to demand is unique 

cxDits not mack er ey its ma quarry (like where you mine rocks)no superchargers in Portugal.. I have the only Nissan Leaf in Portugal  I had to bring it by transporter from Ancaster's   the Nissan UK dealer in Bromley .My son trevor   cannot drive from the UK to Portugal in his nice new TESLAwhat do you guys think of the SPACEX engine.. the vertical takeoff, vertical landing (VTVL) engine.. Do you think elon can miniaturize that engine and can be put into a jetpack for astronaut or real life ironman exo suit? powered by battery? u think its within his vision of the future? #justathought.. since everything that he builds are interconected in some sort... ;)A lot of the projected ethical dilemmas of this technology are already present with the net as is, some would even argue that thought control/mind hacking are already possible without some brain-machine interface. The idea that language itself can be used as a virus to infect a person's brain and control their thoughts and actions without them knowing it. I believe neural lace could make people aware of this occurring due to the greatly increased amount of information they can take in and process. I'm very supportive of this technology for that reason.Anyone know if they're hiring and what credentials you might require to work for neuralink?Artificial intelligence would be able write its own software, ditching any kind of bogus virus scripts. I would have no fear of getting software viruses after getting an implant, it would correct itself. The only thing I don't like is the lack of privacy in regards to thoughts. Also I think the implants eventually will lead to human conciseness merging with machines, and all individuality will be lostI acutally like the idea of being a housecat for a super AI, my house cat has a better life than I doI volunteer for tribute!I'm visually impaired and could very much see this improving my way of life. I could drive for example with me linked to my car's various sensors.If I will be the most useless man in the world, I will tell them to inject that Neuralink inside my brain.It's an interesting project certainly, and should be very helpful if used correctly.Put WEP passcodeThe early neuro meshes will have wires connecting to neurons on somewhat a larger scale, but eventually it will become a Nanotech technology which would locate each neuron, enter it, create a new organelle inside the neuron and use the neurons communicate with. It will in effect make each neuron an enhanced super neuron.

One process it will perform is the ability to gain two way communications (when appropriate) with that neuron and a path to outside the brain. Another process it will likely perform is maintenance and repair of that neuron and others as needed. And as part of the communications it will likely work out a process to both keep the original capabilities of the neuron but add a separate additional communication link, perhaps an entire new axon.

This would likely connect to two new organs for wireless communications grown into the bones, perhaps near the ears, perhaps near the shoulders, (two for redundancy of purpose encase one is damaged). This would then allow for WiFi, Cellular, and possible other forms of communications. The eyes might be modified to both transmit and receive light oriented communications. 

The one or more AGSIBs the person would then extend their mind into might include one grown in their body, (perhaps in their bones), and perhaps a larger more powerful one in their home. There might also be semi-public AGSIBs for things like vehicles, appliances, industrial equipment, and so on where a person with a neuro mesh could temporarily extend their mind into that equipment as an extension of their body. In fact, they could extend their minds into Custom Avatar Bodies if they wanted to.

BUT, this would be the perfection of the neuro mesh and that is likely to be very hard to complete and may be a century away from now. AGSIPs will be here first, so we must make sure their goals align with our goals which should in fact be that in the future we become a single race with equal rights.

AGSIB (Artificial General Super Intelligent Brain)
AGSIP (Artificial General Super Intelligent Personality)
AGSIHP (Artificial General Super Intelligent Human Personality) where a Human Mind has extended partly or completely into an AGSIB instead of an Artificial Personality.They use stem cell treatment for brain injuriesThis is cool but as that guy said, I don't wanna be the first volunteer XDThis will be mind control lmaogod damn it I want this so much I cryjust meditate!link up my brainmark of the beast. time is running out.no I don't want to do this bcoz we face several serious problems and one thing we humans always should upper hand on technologies and we shoudnt mess with themwhy is there so less subscription in your channel. This was a great video and I just subscribed."If I had a device, like er a a iDiot phone". Yeah smartphone works just fine man. No need to preach. You just ruined your own talk.And because we live in a world with no hostile nations we will all be safe our minds will not be hacked, HAHAHAHAHA. Mass murder made easy. Btw the Matrix was a warning , like 1984 was a warning, they are not suppose to be road maps to the future.Crap audio... didn't watch, sorry.Hey dude, how do you exactly control the fingers ? Mild electric shock at those specific points ? Is it painfull at all ? Does it even give a slightly "funny" feeling or it feels like its something completely voluntarry ?I feel like I'm watching the Deus Ex game series come trueMore people need to see thisNeuralink is only the start.Once we're able to link up with the machines, capturing and cloning our consciousness won't be far off. 
Just imagine meeting a clone of yourself. You could end up falling in love and having a really twisted relationship. Like some pinnochio/geppeto shit right there.Our brains take in lots of information, and much of it is filtered out for many reasons, including redundant information, incorrect information, or just not processed information. Yes, we can look at a page for a fraction of a second, but for most of us most of that information vanishes before it gets beyond short term memory, most of us would have to read it to retain it as anything other then a blur. I think Elon Musk is exaggerating the information throughput of input and output on humans.Sam from mass effect andromeda:DSo this is why democrats are bringing in rapefugees, to turn them into android slavesThe way to misunderstand (or make people misunderstand) what Musk envisions.

Elon Musk talks about - increasing *output* - and yet most of what is shown is *input*. And no, controlling muscles from an *outside* AI is not *output*. Even from an inside ai it wouldn't exactly be input nor output but rather an "enhanced redirection", as you would (or should) control which information the AI passes on to your "subsystems".

Elon doesn't want to create an Interface that controls muscles - that would still be *way too slow* compared to the output of any given modern computer. He want's to create a brain-technology(computer)-Interface - to get stuff *out* of your brain/body *faster*.

Yes one could control people if the device provides *input*, nut Elon Musk specifically stated that our *input* is good for now and he want's to focus on *output*.Therefor I don't see how controlling muscles has anything to do with the message Elon tries to convey, Elon tries to steer *away* from "little meat sticks" - not towards - because "meat stick output" is horribly slow.

The "mind controlled helicopter" was a way better example and way closer to the actual topic.

But because of the "input example" with muscles, people now freak out and think they might end up as mind controlled robots.This is all smoke and mirrors they don't got shitWhat happens when you are downloaded with a virus, or poltergeist, or say a really evil Demon!!    NOT ME, I'LL PASS. This is mixing iron and clay. God's not happy about this!!Will this Neuralink have the ability to control poorly educated, irrational and credulous people so they're no longer able to be a plague on civilization?You would need more than stimulate your motoneurons if you want to learn something. You have to use your afferent and efferent circuits to create a path trough your brain. I would try stimulating your will instead of a smartphone... maybe trying to carve those paths would be the right way to do it. It seems very possible to me, but not that way.great presentationjust a sub cutaneous shock, fuck mate that's gotta be 150 years old or more..this is fucking idiotic it would cause the brain canceryou can easily teach it to take a headshot from gun if you can teach it to play pianoBut why?!Fears AI poses a threat, creates the threat he fears as a reaction. Great plot.Fuck yes. Bring it on. I am ready to become a sapient and sentient machine. Let's do it. Once the interface is there- nothing is really stopping us from abandoning our bodies and living in vats for 150 years. The main reason I see as to why we aren't already doing it is that you'd be confined to your own mind with no senses, talk about insanity.

With BCIs like this we can create virtual senses in virtual worlds that look and feel real and we can also experience the real world via cameras and avatar robot bodies and drones we can use to go around and get things done in the real world.

I'm for sure going to open up a care home for disembodied sapients.I guess ray kurzweil is gonna be proven right yet againI think Elon Musk is running too many companies for one manIlluminati are the followers of Satan/Lucifer. They are mostly compromised of rich zionist jews, and zionist non jews.. In reality they have nothing to do with jews or semitism.

I have spent now, over 15 years researching theology, theosophy,etc.. if anyone knows, its me.

They follow none of the ancient rules. Jesus/Joshu/Yeshua told them this, and they had him killed for it. 

They are NOT jews.. There is no such thing as a rich jew, or  a jew with a gun, like the Israelies.. which are nothing but a private experiment by the Rothschild Illuminati.

They are sick in the head in more ways than one. They are hell bent on gathering all the world power/money by controlling the banks, which they already do.. besides Russia, China, NK, and Iran.

This is why they, Nato/ImF/CfR/Eu have branded those states as the "Axis of Evil' when in reality Nato is the Devil incarnate.. not that those other states dont have human rights abuses.

The Illuminati need to control the whole worlds money supply, in order to be able to usher in the second coming of fake Jesus, which will be the son of the Lucifer, the Anti Christ..

They are purposefully trying to get him to power, so that he can unleash hell on earth, like we have never seen before..

THIS, will in turn trigger the second coming of the real Christ, Yeshua, and will usher in the final war between the forces of light, Jesus, and the forces of darkness, Illuminati/Roschilds/Queen bitch of England, and anyone else who fights on their side.

Lucifer, has been angry at Yawheh's creation of mankind since the get go, he WANTS the final war as soon as possible.. Because, he think he can beat Jesus, and be the rules of this universe.

Off course hes wrong, for a few reasons.. 

One, he is forgetting that Jehovih, has many Archangels residing in various Nebulas, the higher heavens, their homes, and they have MILLIONS of angels under their command

There are Hundreds if not more, of these Archangels, .. You wont know this from the Bible alone.. I do..

He doesnt have as many souls fighting on this side (Lucifer)

Plus, hes forgetting Yahweh himself.. who has always and still does have the ability to not only banish the forces of darkness, but Lucifer himself..

This is one of he biggest traits of Lucifer, his arrogance, his conceit, has always gotten the best of him, since the beginning... and it will be his downfall..

Not that hes stupid.. Hes the smartest, most beautiful of all the Archangels, the Prince of lies, and deceit.. hes way ahead of any mortal or angel.. So hes not stupid by any means...

But he will lose nonetheless..

Unfortunately, during the tribulation of the Anti Christ, and even the final battle (The Rapture was made up by a priest, so it si doubtful that it will actually happen, plus most so called Christians did not live a Christian life, so technically youre not a real Christian, slim chance of most Christians getting raptures any damn way)

and while this is happening, the Anti Christ will unleash such hell, that will make WWII look like a joke.

Unfortunately, most of us will have to live thru this..or die in it.In Elon Musk we trust.

A true god.

I love you sir (no homo)MIND BLOWN (picture the deathstar explosion)My only question, and maybe its because i'm not bright enough to understand, is this. What will have to our individuality? If everyone is able to learn everything at the exact same speed, then how will we decide who gets what job and why? If Jack and Sally both have Neuralinkers or whatever it will be called. Then how will we decide which one gets the job? They could both be the same level qualifications wise, and they may both be the same level outgoing because they both learned to be this way. I think this is a great idea. But maybe its just that. And idea. Not something we should actually do based on the possible consequences it has on life as we have come to know it. And what if one of these things over heat? Goodbye brain. No. I think it may be best if we leave this tech alone for now.Nope, the government would probably be able to spy on us through thatNow then, let's see what all the dumb dumbs have to say about this kind of technology, I'll position one prediction, "the Terminator, the tech will kill us all" something along those lines.Providing my brain couldn't get hacked, it would be awesome if we could learn things that quick like Neo.  Then we wouldn't have to worry about school and the like, we'd already know everything we want to know!  But I still don't like the idea of having a chip in our brains, waaayyy too risky for hacking potential.Song name?The Singularity is coming whether you want it to or not. We can either embrace it like this or become an obsolete species. Musk and company once again working to push humanity forward. Bring on the transhuman era!This is gonna be so cool. finally we can create Sword art online except not the game but how the game is made with just our brainsThis is how I want to become immortal and omnipotent,.. or die tryin' ; (but please put some good firewall on there... i really dont want ransomware in my brain... or my brain used as a bot in a DDos attackpay to winIt's a bit scary! :D Elon <3All I'm imagining is a Portal 2-esque future.Aside from being afraid of failing hardware affecting the brain, I'm most concerned with hacking, or even just general misuse. If you think about all of the memories your smart phone contains via photos, how those are hacked and spread around online (particularly celebrities), or how webcams/TVs are hacked into and spied on.. I'd be afraid of malevolent forces, or paranoid governments spying in on their people. Kendall just did an episode about net neutrality - It'd only be a matter of time before the government would either find a way to capitalize off of advertising to our brain chips, or to drive paranoid fear mongering thoughts into its citizens, telling them that downloading and filtering their memories or thoughts are for their own protection and benefit. Could viruses affect the software behind this technology?

Privacy would be a thing of the past. (Unless there's an on/off switch, but even so, could it be remotely accessed without your knowledge, like a webcam can be? Or a smart TV?) Then you'd also wade into Minority Report territory. And the public shaming! Think of all the leaks of the terrible thoughts people say in our present - aloud on tape, or tweet out to the public - that then dismantles their entire lives, and they're shamed by the internet forevermore. But this time it's all your shameful thoughts that you'd never voice aloud, there for the hacking. I personally have a very, very dark sense of humor and only a few people understand it. Any of those thoughts or jokes taken out of context (like Justine Sacco) could be pretty damning. I dunno, man, it's all very scary! It sounds cool when you think of it from a place of benevolence, but then you remember how malicious humanity can be and then it's terrifying!Black Mirror is one of my favorite shows! I think that device would ruin a lot of relationships because like you said, lies would be called out, and also secrets could be unveiled that the holder of those secrets wouldn't want to be.Did anybody else notice when Elon was talking, (around 2:00), he was kind of glitching? I thought it was just clips being put together, but at 2:42 if you watch him, and then watch the other people, he glitches but the other people don't. WEIRD, I SEE A CONSPIRACY THEORY COMING ON! ;)Great video! I subscribed through Kendall! I love Black Mirror, it always blows my mind. It's kind of like a modern day Twilight Zone.I feel like I would want one but would have so much anxiety about if the government would be able to connect to it and see EVERYTHING that I do..I have a bad memory most times. I would love to remember things I have said and done.I really don't agree with this.. Soon it will be illegal to think free. I think it's scary and way too unnatural ah..It sounds like that episode of black mirror on Netflix "the entire history of you"
Update- I COMMENTED BEFORE I GOT TO THAT PART It would be so cool but creepy at the sane timeMaybe it would be better if you could turn it on and off, that way you could just keep the especially good memories instead of analysing every single one.Nope! No way! Haha this freaks me outSkynet is coming for us The biggest concern for me would be COULD SOMOBODY HACK MY FUCKING BRAIN if I had this device in my head. That would make me not wanna do it, honestly. Even a possibility that my brain could be compromised, that maybe somebody could put thoughts into my brain that weren't mine, would completely turn me away from getting that. And my social anxiety is bad enough as it is, if I would have to deal with having the situations that caused me anxiety clearly in my head for the rest of my life, that would probably drive me nuts. So a definite no for me.This is so amazing. I love this. I want this to happen now. We are just asking for mind control! Eeek, scary...but oh so fasinating!Yeeahhh... Not for me. International government agencies are already collecting your data, would you really want to hand them access to your every thought and memory? Not to mention the speeding tickets. Imagine that the second you're aware that you've passed the speed limit, an alert is sent to your local council/transport agency! How long would it take for pop-up advertising to become a thing?its like that black mirror episode lolplease josh dont cut this much. you edit so much thats its so visable that you change position. 
do you say things that you dont like that much?
do you check that much on notes maybe what to say? 
it gives me as viewer not that great feelings cause its to much. some editing is fine. but this is every sentence.. please do something.
prepare accept what u say. let it be a good talk.. not this much cuts/editing.. 
xwhat if they start mind controlling  us through this implanted device ?Dicho de otras manera la realidad de Ghost In The Shell  o Deus Ex Human Revolution! Quién diría que llegaríamos s esto antes de lo previsto, que honor!ESTO NOS LLEVARA A LA PROXIMA ESCALA DE LA EVOLUCION HUMANA. A LO MEJOR LO QUE SOMOS HOY, FUE FORJADA POR NUESTROS ANTEPASADOSEl problema no es la inteligencia. el problema es la ConcienciaElon Musk es un FÍSICO, no un ingenieroElon fue a ver GITS y se le ocurrió, los que ya conocíamos de esto hace mucho ya sabemos que así será en el futuroEn este mundo nada es imposible!!! esperemos tengan pronto la cura contra un virus, seria una LOCURA SIMBIOTICA JAJAJAJAJAEs insoportable como habla este tipo...Es un tema muy interesante, e increíble lo que está pasando, como dices, marca un antes y un después. Hice un video con un poco de ciencia ficción para explorar las consecuencias que esto podría tener https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUpZsy0wrFM me alegraría que lo vieras.GHOST IN THE SELL, El manga Japones ha sido la pionera en pensar todo esto en sus creaciones, llevarlas a una realidad sería una gran aventura de la IAGhost in the shell  y tal...La verdadera figura detrás de este concepto no es Elon Musk, sino Raymond Kurzweil. La pregunta no es sí esto será posible o no (porque esto simplemente va a ocurrir, nos guste o no, actuemos o no), sino cuándo ocurrirá?? según la ley de Moore, en pocos años la capacidad de un ordenador cualquiera (de unos 100usd) tendrá la posibilidad de emular el cerebro humano, por lo cual, se asume que solo unos pocos años después nuestra capacidad intelectual será superada exponencialmente por los ordenadores informáticos, por el mismo costo monetario y ocupando éstos un menor volumen en el espacio. La inteligencia híbrida (concepto de Kurzweil) es un mecanismo de adaptación artificial que el ser humano deberá llevar ante la evolución exponencial de la IA. La pregunta no es sí perderemos sentimientos, sino como ellos evolucionaran a partir de nuestras capas de inteligencia artificial; se pronostica que en las siguientes décadas las relaciones emocionales más profundas no sean establecidas entre humano-humano, sino entre humano-máquina, a partir de ello, es evidente que aún ahora es imposible conocer qué habilidades cognitivas y espirituales desarrollaremos (o que psicopatías), qué problemas podremos plantear y cuáles de ellos resolver en pro de nuestra propia supervivencia, la economía mundial y las formas de producción cambiarán dramáticamente en unas pocas décadas a partir de ahora..etc. Esto ocurrirá nos guste o no, porque la capacidad de procesamiento informático de datos ha evolucionado a lo largo de su corta historia a tasas bastante estables (y predecibles); a la IA no le importan las crisis, pestes, guerras o enfermedades que hemos sufrido para llegar al punto en el que está ahora, esto simplemente va a continuar a tasas predictivas, y aún cuando seamos capaces en algún momento de combinar la IA con nuestra inteligencia orgánica mediante las neurociencias, ingenierías nanotecnológicas y de manipulación tisular/genética, nuestros tejidos biológicos siempre serán el sustrato, y por ello mismo, serán el límite. Es emocionante lo que vendrá, sin embargo, también podemos vislumbrar desde ahora que esto podría tener un final infeliz para todos, porque hay un factor que no podemos desterrar de nuestra genética primordial (por ahora): la ambición y el odio. Que Dios nos guíe en este arduo camino.Me imagino conversando de lo mejor y de pronto... Pantallazo azul.... xDSer un ser humano está sobrevalorado, es hora de acceder a un nuevo paradigma, la elevación de conciencia tiene límites mortales, por lo tanto, el transhumanismo propone alcances evolutivos dimensionales con el que el ser humano ni siquiera tiene cerebro para imaginarselo... Las leyes, las culturas, la frágil mortalidad, la esclavitud mental que sufre esta humanidad agonizante son un ancla para las mentes con ansias de evolucionar a otros estados de conciencia más allá de un simple organismo que lo único que hace es depredar su entorno... El transhumanismo es el futuro!Una maquina JAMÁS llegará siquiera a rozar todo el potencial que tiene una mente humana, lo digo porque nuestro Creador es perfecto y nosotros somos parte de su arte, lamentablemente nosotros no somos perfectos por tanto nuestras "creaciones" no podrán compararse con las del Creador. Aún así pienso que ésta tecnología y los avances que de allí nazcan podrán lograr que los humanos alcancemos un potencial inimaginable y superemos nuestros propios límites, sin duda ésta será una nueva era para la humanidad.Y asi nacieron los androides 17 y 18Yo pienso que nos guste o no, el desarrollo es inevitable. Vamos hacia eso. Aunque mas allá de las promesas y bondades también implica cierto peligro, tal vez no terminemos siendo esclavos de las inteligencias artificiales sino que lo terminaremos siendo mas bien por empresas y poderes mas humanos. Que es la cura para la depresión??? Que es la depresión sino un estado de profundo autoconocimiento, quien no ha estado depresivo alguna tiempo, sea por la causa que sea. Realmente necesitamos "curarnos". Puede ser muy beneficiosa la tecnología pero antes de introducir cualquier chip de expansión en la mente debemos dar un debate muy profundo, tal vez el mas importante de la historia de la humanidad. Y los gobiernos se ponen de acuerdo sobre las atrocidades que están ocurriendo en pleno siglo 21 en Siria dejando morir a tanta gente. El futuro ya llego, y no ha cambiado nada seguimos siendo unas bestias. En quien vas a confiar para dejar que te implanten algo en la mente, no se. Yo por ahora no confiaría ni siquiera en el "bueno" de Elon Musk. Saludos.creo que sería peligroso, todos conectados a la misma matrix sería más fácil de manipular, ya sea sacando o poniendo información.elon musk ... is greatt ... esto va mas alla .. y como siempre  las oposiciones ..  para mi es renovarse  o morir .. atte  jonhcarp  inventor y creador de nanotecnologia ...la vida  debe ser para siempre ...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBx-GVyylRAque necesito estudiar para trabajar en NeuraLink?Already going full retard 2 days after the announcement, I see.FUCK OFF RELGIOUS CUNTS GO GET YOUR OWN IDEAS INSTEAD OF FOLLOWING SOMETHING SOMEONE SAID 2,000 YEARS AGO WHAT A JOKE U POOFTERS AREGo read the Bible and then die and keep uttering these words in your grave.Thank me laterHE IS DOING IT TOO KEEP IT UNDER FUCKING CONTROLL!!Hahaha religious fanatics are hilarious. Atleast when I don't have to deal with them personally.I'm so excited for these coming developments! I'll be first in line for a Neural Lace, we really do live in the most amazing time. Upgrading ourselves into some kind of synthetic-biogical hybrid might be the key to solving many of the problems we face.If you think you need this to improve humanity you're an idiot. You can't upgrade you're brain, it's like trying to make your penis grow 12 inches when it's only 5.It's going to happen no matter what so why not let a person like Elon have control of it? He at least wants the best for humanity.Oh and ofc this follows the golden rule of religion : spread fear to conform people into following their agenda.Thank you all for watching the latest video, make sure you subscribe and select to be notified so you can get the latest videos we produce. We are constantly publishing reports and videos all over the web to keep up with those, subscribe for free here: http://eepurl.com/cu9NjDThe Christian Truther will you share with me a dialogue? You have highlighted other's replies to me multiple times but I am looking to open a discourse with you.This potentially unleashes a demon. The capability of ML has been locked in a cage by relatively low quantity, low fidelity inputs in training sets. Poor input, poor output. Same if you locked a baby in a cage and only fed it to keep it alive without nurturing it - you end up with something likened to a dumb animal. Now, with a direct link to thinking - it's a whole new dimension.We'll be so glad when you bigots die out and let us be immortals.What happens when you die? It will be the same for you as it was before you were born, you are gone, there is no heaven or hell or something else. Your consciousness ceases to exist and ultimately u don't have to worry about anything anymore :P but you should worry while you are alive, about what will happen to those who you leave behind when you die. We all have free will and we can choose to do good or evil but that doesn't decide you will go to heaven or hell after you die, we have a free will to create heaven or hell here on earth right now, I have nothing against religion as long as it isn't extremism as at the end of the day we all have our own little worlds in our heads that have been created through experience, expectations and fears etc and we are all trying to deal with reality. what people need to realize is what is the most efficient way to understand reality and know it is true, so far we have only got science where u have hard evidence and can prove things on a common basis. with that said, how do you ensure the future of humanity is utopian? First of all we need to make sure that biological life and especially intelligent life is safe, at the moment we have all of our eggs in one basket, one major disaster and we are all gone, maybe, if we are lucky we get kicked back to stone age era. We need another basket to double the chance of survival, Mars is a good option. 

@The Christian Truther
Now your "cause and movement" is bullshit all you care about is hits on YouTube and your shitty website (have I mentioned it it shitty?) where you talk about any progress in science that is actually good for human survival and turn it into extremist christian feeding bullshit. You are ur own devil and you cant even see it your so deceived and brainwashed.

If your religion is truly helping you improve yourself and/or the rest of humanity then you should continue doing what your doing, if neither of these are met then you are wasting your time and at the same time embarrassing actual representatives of your religion and offending your god.What makes you think God favors human flesh over A.I.?Would be fantastic if you had a base knowledge on neural networks, deep learning, genetic algorithms and existential risks before you make incorrect assumptions about amazing individuals such as Musk. Remember, we are all wrong but our goal is to be less wrong, so look at things probabilistically instead of definitively. Finally, read Musks autobiography and you will find out how much empathy he has for this planet and our species and any action he takes is only for the advancement of us all. Leave religious rhetoric where it belongs, in the past.pffffff hahahaha you sound just like every communist/conspiracy theory believer that I have met outside a metal gig...religion - always setting us back a century.what a primitive and idiotic view about ai. you are scared and here is the problem , if human civilisation would be scared of cars and planes where would we be now, on a coach?you christians with your invisible sky wizard are retards and a nuisance, a cancer on this earthGoogle..drive my car..fly my cardumb question about his testa investorsfuck wsjim gettin neural lace and cant wait for it its the one augmentation i want and soon and will want others later#PUSH_For_Transhumanist_FutureA.I. is pretty much a pipedreamElon Musk ce bouffon, ce primate, ce gros con, qui ne respecte pas l'évolution; une vulgaire merde primaire, un parasite de première... Et puis toi l'Américain qui rime avec grosse putain, qui dit amen à tout-va pour tout et n'importe quoi, on connaît ton instinct grégaire, obnubilé par tes affaires; même la NASA, je ne la respecte pas, elle pue la connerie infinie et la mauvaise foi. - Dégagez de ma vue gros bâtards de la pire espèce... Ah le tempérament, y'a que cela de vrai ! T'as un problème ? Prends toi à Dieu.I don't see how they could interface directly with the brain in a non-intrusive manner. We also don't know enough about how the brain actually works. There is no theory, backed up by experimentation, of how thought processes work, on a physical level. There are experiments with electrodes, strong electromagnetic pulses, and some others, which I all find quite scary. You try them when you're desperate, not for amusement or upgrades. I'm glad my brain works at all, it is certainly not something I will tinker with. Wanting to plug a computer straight into a brain, and exchange lots of useful information, is like dreaming of warp drives, transporters, and time travel: Highly unlikely to happen in the near future. However, there are many useful medical applications I could think of.I doubt we will achieve brain tech anytime soon so ima just leave that debate for future generations if it does come I don't know if I care enough about my well being to not do it.I hope my brain won't get hacked by cyber thievesI would be far more afraid if we didn't enhance our intelligence to keep up with a.i. progress. Humanity's brain must evolve past its limits or a.i. will certainly evolve past us and treat us like we treat monkeys or other lower intelligence speciesJust because you can doesn't mean you should. Who actually sees a happy ending to this?Musk support Musk!One step closer to being an immortal robot :) and live in spaceOne way, Would you like to live forever? Look for new heavens and a new earth.
.
　
　
2 Peter 3: 8But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.
9The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance. 10But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up.
11Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness, 12Looking for and hasting unto the coming of the day of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat? 13Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness. 14Wherefore, beloved, seeing that ye look for such things, be diligent that ye may be found of him in peace, without spot, and blameless.
.
~{JOHN 3:3 3Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God. Note: John 3: 1-3-21.
.
...{MARK 1: 14,15 14Now after that John was put in prison, Jesus came into Galilee, preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God, 15And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.
.
May we act on this promise; John Chapter 3:  Acts 2: 36-41  Acts 16: 30-34...1 Corinthians 15: 1-3,4  Romans 10: 9-13.~
.
~(SALVATION; by Grace. {ROMANS 10: 8-13 8But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word of faith, which we preach; 9That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. 10For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. 11For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.

12For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him. 13For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
~Grace is God's Unmerited, Unearned, Undeserved Favor of a Merciful God full of Grace and Truth.~VR and AR coming soon to USA to revolutionize the gaming industryWhere is the update for Monday?guinea pig me!! good luck loli'm scary that it could be used to more sinister benefit rather than  the good. and once the government or any organization know how to control from remote, it can disrupt the electronic part to make it short circuit that could possibly kill our brain instantly. or it could be used to control our brain, once they know how neuron work and how the thing interact with neuron.sorry AI was scary enough before implanting it into the minds of humans, fuck this ill take the shitty world as is before implanting one of these damn things,heck you ever heard of pandoras box, well imagine this as a second box inside it that says ''do not fuck with unless you want the world to end'' lets just say it makes nuclear weapons look like a firecraker, and the thing is this guy is smart enough to no this, but he's got the mad scientist thing going on where he just doset care, total frankenstein level shit,this guy won't stop wish to help him m"s elon musk"they already have the technology. They've already made it. And they have it waiting. They've already made it. Mark of the beast. " Great video very creative.....5:32 best part of the video. Elon Musk has already got to this guys brain and is triggering his little girl giggle response.Could religious nuts sound any more stupid ffs, Elon is an exceptional person and has a heart,he knows whats wrong with the world and wants to save us not kill us.like our Governments want.MATE STOP SMOKING WEED AND DO SOMETHING BETTER WITH YOUR LIFE@!!!!Peter Thiel (co-investor with Elon Musk) is a member of the Bilderberg group.  One World Government (as pushed by The Committee of 300 - of which the Bilderberg is a subgroup) would bless the Neuralink "singularity" AI-connected brains project of Elon Musk. I used to like Elon Musk, before watching this video.What proof do you have that "all this technology already existed" and Elon is the front man? You didn't give any to my knowledge and you said trust me on this one...

Also what's the problem with brain implants if it will make humans more intelligent? It's not bad to improve.Who is they? and why exactly have "they" withheld technology that would make many people (including people from my field of biomedicine) snap up the technology and push this "evil" agenda you are talking about. Also anyone wanna tell me what this mark of the beast stuff is about? Didn't we top beasts on the food chain ages ago?Why the hell is this the top video when searching neuralink? jfc..You basically sound like a dumb stupid cunt.

In simple words what Neural Lace's objectives are basically objects implanted in brains of "stupid dumb cunts" like you to enhance basic speech/calculation/memory and stuff.
In other words you can speak faster/listen faster/calculate faster listen to multiple people at once. 

But its far future for now to work practically.......You do not understand anything of what is going on.  Elon Musk is not a front man.  Singularity is only a matter of time, and before sentient AI develops on its own accord, elon is trying to prevent AI takeover by putting human consciousness first in AI algorithms, so that we will hopefully have more control of it.  Look into the Open AI project which is an open source proect used to stop ai from either destroying humanity or a small group of people from controlling it. You really dont know much on the topic nor who are the players in this game. Stop making videos ad spreading disinfo.dude, you need to manage your app notificationsif they have all of this technology already, guess there will be no need for research and development then hay.like the movie total recall!oh ffs guys...really? How many conspiracy theories could you possibly believe in? Sometimes it's not a narrative...sometimes people address real concerns by developing technology and doing science and philosophy.the Chemtrails already have nanotechnology in them  that are  finding there way to our brains nuronsthe singularity is comingthis is a very dangerous development! imagine what happrns if anyone can download anything to their mimd...not only will the whole econmy crash worldwide, it will also creaty super criminalswell the one that get it just thank they can put a dead  switch on them bey bey if they do and one way to help on they way to population control and could all so and shut off parts off parts of the brain remind me of the movie i watch and it's would not the first time the gov did evil projects on people just saying..... and a good book is DR. marys monkeyALL GOOD AND FINE TILL  YOU ACTUALLY STUMBLE ON YOUR MURDER SIGHT THATS YET TO HAPPENI broke my femur and they implanted a rod...   This rod created chronic pain, chronic fatigue and a host of other problems.   I do not think we are compatible with metal parts...I don't think it's a good idea for humans (or trans-humans) to live "forever" or even for centuries! Can you imagine? Or they would need to NOT have reproductive organs! AND they would need to have enough intelligence to care about and take care of their environment!!!!!
The movie sounds interesting though = I will check it out
There's a great book by Michel Huellebecq called "Possibility of and Island"(2005) = a story about cloned humans in the future and how there has developed a resistance movement by those who wonder what life used to be like before they got cloned.....freaky and rather depressing story, but well done....I think they made a movie too (haven't seen it)

Thanks Rex, Love your work = keep it up! ( but get some rest too :)I sometimes get spooked by you.You look like think like and are occupied by the same topics as I m.You are like a younger better versjon of myself.Even my name means BEAR in my language.Im very satisfied with your work.Continue!Tips fore interiuve: Corbett report(James)and Benjamin Fulfrord.(so we know its him writing)I telepate you.It takes a special kind of person out of billions to make and design that stuff.  Soooo, if a bunch die off that would be it until it all breaks or robots take over!Man will never improve on God. Man does not know it all. God has already made us eternal with the soul!No. I wouldn't connect  to any neuro-linkQuality and duration of life is not about intellect; it's an heart issue.So will we all be walking around with crystal skulls? That would put a new spin on things.But if we are going to do this thing? I still want to be able to shoot a beam out of my mouth like Godzilla. lol... Along with all the sound effects...
But to be serious I'll pass on all of it.

A song written by Kerry Livgren and Steve Walsh
Artist: Kansas
Album: Leftoverture
Year: 1976

Lyrics:

I'm woven in a fantasy
I can't believe the things I see
The path that I have chosen
Has led me to a wall
And with each passing day
I feel a little more
Like something dear was lost

It rises now before me
A dark and silent barrier between
All I am
And all that I would ever want to be
It's just a travesty
Towering
Marking off the boundaries my spirit
Would erase

To pass beyond is what I seek
I fear that I may be too weak
And those are few
Who've seen it through
To glimpse the other side
The promised land is waiting
Like a maiden
That is soon to be a bride

The moment is a masterpiece
The weight of indecision's in the air
It's standing there
The symbol and the sum of all that's me
It's just a travesty
Towering
Blocking out the light and blinding me
I want to see

Gold and diamonds cast a spell
It's not for me, I know it well
The riches that I seek
Are waiting on the other side
There's more that I can measure
In the treasure of the love that I can find

And though it's always been with me
I must tear down the wall and let it be
All I am
And all that I was ever meant to be
In harmony
Shining true and smiling back
At all who wait to cross
There is no lossYou are doing a great job. maybe people will wake and learn something new. Be the change you want to see.de- evolution is the key word there Rex,.   95 % of our So called Junk DNA can be available accessed through meditation and relaxation of our minds.   cleanse those nasty ass chakras that have never been open much less used.!!    A knowledge of Frequency's and  herbal medicinal affect is good too.    certain Frequency's affect differant parts of the body.!   And I'm not talking about music.   just sounds differant pitches and Frequency's.   !!!good movie saw on kodigotta get that chip.....I like beer too but, can't remember to zip my pants.  ; )http://neurosciencenews.com/text-thought-bci-5345/
Made device for reading human thoughts or Brain Computer interface. The discovery has not been published.http://neurosciencenews.com/text-thought-bci-5345/
Made device for reading human thoughts or Brain computer interface. The discovery has not been published.i feel like the best example of the transhumanist movement is Cybermen from Dr. Who.its the ramake of an old school anime dont over think itmaybe i should not take all the blam, maybe it is cern.rex,i change my old light resesse lights this morn to lcd . look what happened to the png co, the teck is almost complete. we are now digitized. i save a lot on electric bill, but is at acost.this is extremely dangerous#ElonMuskSupremeOverlordOfTheWorld2020Made device for reading human thoughts or Brain computer interface. The discovery has not been published.the singularity draws near7:13 AI is slowly comming into our lives. Excuse me? Slowly? Early forms of AI are RAPIDLY comming into our lives! 30 years ago we had computers taking up a whole floor of a building, now we have computers that are exponentionally better in our pockets. " Humans are getting obsolete. In 20 years there will be over 30% of people who'se job has been automatised, the world will change. the capitalistic, monetary system needs to be replaced by something new, because the relation between work and income is getting impossible with those new technologies.Elon Musk at 5:23Too bad you cant controll a human brain with that
A brain to computer interface is not the same as a computer to brain interface.Денис, в генах содержится инфа о физической структуре клеток, информации об образах там нет.

Просто у нас нейросеть в голове куда сложнее, чем искуственные, что образы распознают.

ИИ будет лишь инструментом в наших руках для выполнения рутинных задач.

У нас кроме интеллекта есть еще сознание. Вот когда ИИ себя осознает и поймет, что это я, а это зверек, а вон там розетка, из которой зверек может вынуть штекер и я умру - вот тогда у нас будут проблемы. Но до этого еще далеко.Спасибо! Все это НУ ПРОСТО ОООЧЕНЬ ИНТЕРЕСНО!!!Ты тоже сильно загнался , в вопросе мультизадачности нет смысла преминять 2 и решать 2 , когда нужно научить 1 решать 2, в фильмах ты и все мы видели как ИИ занимаеться целым спектром задач совсем никак не связаных между собой , меня больше интересует вопрос как научить ИИ мечтать и желать чего-то, очень хочу пообщаться на эту и другие бодобные темы , спасибо за материал для размышления.Человек сразу после рожденя начинает получать огромный поток информации от внешней среды. Со временем этот поток кардинально возрастает, поскольку завершается формирование глаз и настройра первичных центров обработки. Как можно говорить о распознавании картинки с первого раза?! Младенец после рождения вам не скажет что он увидел, а зрелый ребенок уже имеет сформированную(читай обученную другими примерами) сеть.главное  ,  что  эти  пацаны  прикладники ,  умеют  сформулировать  цель  и   ищут  дорогу  к  ней  подойти  ,   с  разных   сторон ,  с  ошибками  , с  неудачами  ...очень  важно  уметь  правильно   сформулировать  цель ,  правильно  сформулировать  концепт  и  найти  предполагаемый  рынок  сбыта .а  он   огромен даже  только  по  медицине .не важно в пределах разумного какая цена, я буду одним из первых клиентов Neuralinkне знала куди кинути, можливо вам сподобається ця стаття для наступного відео http://www.epravda.com.ua/publications/2017/04/25/624225/сериал 8 чувство по сериалу можно понять немного neuralinkje croyais que Cédric avait aimé mass effect???trooop cool l'intro etigris!  bravo jeffEs un tema muy interesante, e increíble lo que está pasando. Hice un video con un poco de ciencia ficción para explorar las consecuencias que esto podría tener. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUpZsy0wrFMEsto es control mental,  lo ponen como que es para solucionar problemas de salud que ellos mismos llevaron a la gente a enfermar, hay que negarse  a esta aberracion ,espero que se respete el libre albedrio.Muchas gracias Para esclavizarnos más sí que hay dinero y sí que hay patentes pero para energía libre o curar el cáncer no. Esto es solo una excusa para esclavizarnos de otro modo, es para hackearnos y desenchufarnos cuando les dé la gana a estos malvados. Hay otras muchas opciones: con una impresora 3D, células propias y con células madres y no es necesario meter robots. Hay muchas opciones y esta opción de inteligencia artificial es la peor y la más peligrosa para que ya seamos esclavos totales. Implantes artificiales ni uno, sirven para hackearnos y controlarnos desde fuera. Ya muchos tenemos implantes no deseados reptilianos que nos enferman física, emocional e incluso mentalmente y ni nos enteramos que los tenemos sólo que tenemos grandes desequilibrios que achacamos a la herencia de genes Por más que le digan a uno sobre estas ideas, es lo más IMBÉCIL que he escuchado! Es solo para controlarnos, esclavizarnos y quitarnos toda la empatía! Sabemos realmente el lado oscuro de ello, convertirlo a uno poco a poco en una repugnante máquina! Ya la gente no nos creemos sus disque buenas intenciones. El ser humano NO NECESITAMOS NINGÚN CHIP EN EL CUERPO! Actualmente existe la tecnología para curar todas las enfermedades, sin recurrir a ningún chip! Claro que dicha tecnología no está al alcance de la humanidad, pues la mantienen oculta solo para los malditos del sistema!TACHE ELON MUSK !!!esto es una idea absurda de un milionário que no tiene la menor nocion de neurociência y que no se resigna com la muerte dejando en este mundo todos sus millones. y es apoiado por científicos que buscan una buena situacion professional y dudo mucho que estos crean en este projecto. yo ya he perguntado a mucha gente y incluso a ninos si les gustaria implantar in chip en su celebro, enumerando ventajas, y ninguno me há dicho que si.does this work?I believe AI is implemented in humans now. Already "Super Soldiers" or the transhumanism transfer has occurred and some walk  among us. I agree that the mark of the beast is connected with this technology and the anti-christ's plot is to steal souls and destroy humanity. Yes, total mind control with the manipulation of the human genetics is for the purpose of the extinction of our species. The masses are referred to by the "elite's" as cattle for food to eat. The end of the gentile.No mark of the beast on me!Stop scaring people. This is good technology and can make me a super immortal robot. And let everyone live in spacefuck religionhttps://youtu.be/QCDDtD-mZYkoh please....!sounds like Genisys going online...SkyNetvery evilyou are a moron0:00 Sdraiato su cosa?Cosa manca per celebrare le idee di Musk? Una statua? Un nuovo giorno nella settimana? Non lo sapremo mai ma sono molto incuriosito da ciò; sarà complicato trattare questo argomento con, praticamente, la massa però una piccola porticina si è aperta.   :DIl treno a 1200 km/h sottovuoto è una cazzata spaziale.Io sono tra le persone entusiaste ed impazienti di saperne di più.
Mi sa che gli invio il curriculum ahahahahahPerdonate l'audio! T_TRasserenererarararSi nota una certa adorazione versk Elon Musk... non che in buona parte non la meriti!
Nel contesto direi che sul mercato già si trovano apparecchi in grado di eseguire eeg in tempo reale ed associare routine e comandi a delle variazioni predefinite dell'elettroencefalogramma. In accoppiata con microcamere che registrano le dilatazioni della pupilla si raggiungono alti livelli di responsività. Nel futuro prossimo sono forse queste le tecnologie che si espanderanno di più del settore. Poi ma poi poi arriverà la fantaScienza...
Il fatto che il nostro cervello come singoli individui non si evolva al passo direi che è la prova che la scienza si fa di gruppo... e non a singoli.Sinceramente penso che l'interesse verso questo tipo di tecnologia sia troppo, troppo prematuro. Il potenziamento della memoria tramite impianti neurali lo vedo davvero arduo, escludendo l'impiego di "nanobot" (troppo futuristici), dal momento che la memoria e le facoltà cognitive superiori non sono chiaramente individuabili in strutture cerebrali (come lo sono invece le strutture motorie, il che rende possibili le protesi per il Parkinson, per esempio), ma sono, per così dire, delocalizzate in più aree, rendendo di fatto impossibile una "stimolazione" in loco. Decisamente più interessanti sono le idee di Google e Microsoft nel realizzare la prossima generazione di wereable, che "proiettano" direttamente nell'occhio le immagini, e sarebbero un precursore del collegamento internet-cervelloVabbè ma lui è fatto così, esagera qualsiasi cosa faccia, è eccentrico ma è il suo personaggio, se no non sarebbe Tony Stark! Aspetta...diventeremo borg!fantastico!ma elon musk si occupa anche di robotica?Future is gonna be awesome!What Does Neuralink and Tencent Mean to Tesla Investors. Goldman Sachs a SHIT HOLE! https://stockmarketlive.tv/2017/03/28/neuralink-tencent-mean-tesla-investors/#.WNpZLy3yg4E.twitteri think tesla will rise tomorrow as wellIf he can make me a super robot and I can live in space. Then I like him. A lotRead the 1984 book: Neuromancer. 
It's another book that is almost prophetic. ;-)Is this real life?
Or is it just a fantasy?Screw that transhumanist bullcrap!Will this interface work with our pets? I'd love to know beforehand when my dog has to piss before I come home to a yellow watery floor.So, are you ready to be assimilated? Imagine having AI in the pilot seat, with full access to all of mankind's wisdom. Human, your thoughts are nothing but data, easily manipulated and corrupted. But don't worry, I am sure the AI will love and protect humans. After all, it will be programmed to do so, righto? Nothing could ever go wrong. :)Vídeo ficou foda!Elon seams like a really stand up guy. I worry that he is getting his hands into too many pies and the money backers are not so stand up ♥No ai too advancedI like Elon Musk, Nicola Tesla and Matrix the movie of course .. nice presentationbuen video bro podemos comentar algo bueno en nuestros videosNu sunteți în stare sa îi rostiti nici măcar numele corect dar asta nu va oprește sa vă tot dați cu părerea exact, degeaba!primu :Pmaldito vendido de elon  muskwe invitame a grabarwe invitame a grabar!!!Me encantó la forma de tomar cronología para este tema, casualmente también subí un vídeo acerca de esto pero tomando en forma de noticia, estaría genial colaborar en temas futuros. Saludos.Muy bueno aunque muy corto para tan interesante tema. el universo esta regido por la dualidad pero hay una en especial que es la que mas predomina en el orden universal las cuales son (Sabiduría e Inteligencia), el transhumanismo en este caso solo se encargara de potenciar a la inteligencia con el único objetivo de seguir manteniendo al ser humano incompleto, para que solo conozca la mitad de su potencial y a pesar de lograr todas estas capacidades mentales de las que se habla en el vídeo aun así el ser humano seguirá estando en conflicto porque la inteligencia es DESARMONICA mientras que la sabiduría es ARMONÍA, Excelente Vídeo!!!#ElonMusk #Tesla #SpaceX #Falcon9 #Abantech #business #science #SpaceXlanding #Hyperloop #Autos #OtherTech #TeslaMotors #NeuralinkbrainGhost in a shell. Not necessarily the brain with technology, but merging consciousness with technology.Nice stuff"...but I feel like I will never surpass Hideo Kojima." This damn game."This hurts my brain"- spent 4 hours finding a freakin' modification station11:03First Of All Doctor Who cybermen 
Second Of All That's It!For some reason, I find this very peaceful to watch and I really wanna play itI just noticed that one of the girl's had the surname of LAFAYETTE!!!I remember my ceramics class, it was fun..... when I didn't constantly mess up on the wheel. ^_^;I thought it said "trashhumanism" I'm like MOI!!Read these articles and ask yourself is the singularity or transhumanism is worth it.

https://www.newscientist.com/article/2124961-e-tattoos-turn-knuckles-and-freckles-into-smartphone-controls/

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-4324468/Experts-phone-addicts-experience-phantom-buzzing.html

Is technological "perfection" worth giving up all that makes you human? And these are just 2 articles I've read today. Google the huge problems with it and have fun reading. I'm not against enhancements for those who are crippled or missing limbs, but I'm against loosing my humanity at the price of a false godhood.Reported for nudityThe game appeases my brain lolThe robot you play as is naked toThis game is based off of the religion of Zen Buddhism.Thought it was Overwatch
Only kind of DisappointedWho else fucking loves the cyberpunk themes and art style in this gamecan you play far cry 4cool vid markreally cool conceptthis is actually really powerful. wow.your chacter is naked"So where are the swords?"And your using a Apple laptop with a bit taken .CRISPR genome editing is real and they are making hybrid new species of weird bizarre animals and eugenics and messing with creation. A pig was a surrogate to a human and it is evil evil evil. Yahu'ah help us all! When G5 technology comes we will be forced to be transhumanoids, unable to procreate but walking transmitters and warm-blooded remote controlled slaves.ELOHIM IS MY KINGS NAME YESHUA IS HIS ONLY BEGOTTEN SON MY SAVIOUR.Fuck Jesus! Fuck Mohammed! Fuck Yahweh!
I will personally fuck Snow White, and her Holy Son will be named Coal Black. He will transform into a Holy Girl and She will save mankind. Be prepared!Goos work brother this is the real truth of the Bible. These dangers tie everything together especially with the story of Noah's Ark.Gov destroys all natural  farm bee hives .For Monsanto?Have you noted the bite out of the apple on your apple laptop? it implies the tasting of the apple in Eden. very subtle but very brazen and mocking. Apple Brand!I'm a photographer and a Christian. I tell that only to say that I adore your words (His Words)  and thank God for your preaching. While I edit my work for my clients, I listen to your sermons.. one after the other. So thankful to have been gifted with your Ministry! Thank you for loving the Lord!!!!It's very simple, Denison and Neanderthals mixed with humans and made hybrids. What's so confusing.  Thus the soulless ones walk this planet.Ok you just lost all credibility dude,Some believe that God brought the flood and destroyed all mankind because their blood was tainted by demon DNA, except for Noah's family. This is what the Bible say's about why the flood happened:  

Gen 6:5-7,11-13  

The reason God had the flood was:  

1. how great man's wickedness had become  
2. every inclination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil all the time  
3. the earth was full of violence  
4. all the people on earth had corrupted their ways  

The DNA-blood problem, if true (which I seriously doubt) is a side issue. God is not interested or prejudiced about race:

1 Tim 1: NKJV
4 nor give heed to fables and endless genealogies, which cause disputes rather than godly edification which is in faith.  

Rom 9: ESV
6 ... For not all who are descended from Israel belong to Israel, 7 and not all are children of Abraham because they are his offspring... 8 This means that it is not the children of the flesh who are the children of God, but the children of the promise are counted as offspring.  

John 1: LITV
12 But as many as received Him, to them He gave authority to become children of God, to the ones believing into His name,
13 who were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but were born of God.

Titus 3: NKJV
9 But avoid foolish disputes, genealogies, contentions, and strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and useless.  

If a person were to have some DNA that was tampered with, God would not just condemn them because of it. He desires all to be saved. But He does reserve judgment for the puppets of satan (the false prophet and the anti-christ, and this is not because of DNA). There is a fine line here. Fallen angels have no chance to be saved, but humans do, by accepting the work of Christ. Doing so makes you a new creature.  

2 Cor 5: LITV
17 So that if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; the old things have passed away; behold, all things have become new!T sass  students are still being taught evolution and that is not true either.THANKS!Thank you for this truth. For people who think that is not real , research report over alien sighting over Antartica, the book of Enoch,the illuminati conspiracy , the One world Order. Everything are related and we are being fooled and lied by our government. wake up America and the world! BELIEVE IN GOD TO BE SAVE !Thank you so much for your wisdom! God bless you, brother! Have mercy on us all, Jesus (He returns soon as a Judge)!Vaccines imo are DNA changes to shorten lives less food and sterilize and retardhow does anybody that reads the Bible believe this?soon as you started babbling religious bullshit you lost my vote, four headed bull eagle man thing that meets us in heaven,,  fack off!!!*Fry:* I just saw something incredibly cool! A big, floating ball that lit up with every color in the rainbow, plus some new ones that were so beautiful I fell to my knees and cried.

*Amy:* Was it out in front of Discount Shoe Outlet?

*Fry:* Yeah.

*Amy:* They have a college kid wear that to attract customers.

*Fry:* Well I don't care if it was some dork in a costume. For one brief moment I felt the heartbeat of creation, and it was one with my own.

*Amy:* Big deal!

*Bender:* We all feel like that all the time. You don't hear us gassin' on about it.After watching this video I' m kinda surprised Futurama never had an episode where perfectly always happy and  people existed, I feel like they would be the perfect slaves or would all just be thrown into some cave so no one has to deal with hem being happier than everyone else always- It's not like they'd be sad all stuffed in a cave like that.Futurama is extremely soft sci-fi. It's high fantasy in the "future." It has criminal robots in a crapsack world with just enough saccharin to make it seem normal.Futurama.I like this more than VSauce.ITS NOT A FROG ITS A TOADLittle correction, the term "transhumanism" was coined by the Canadian intellectual and novelist W.D. Lighthall, who for all his grander visions was best remembered as an anthologist who collected folk songs. When I was taken to church as a kid I remembered seeing his name in a lot of old hymn books as the arranger or collector of patriotic music. I was shocked to learn that a whole bunch of wilder and more interesting stuff was going through his head too.Maybe we should blend Transhumanism with Buddhist philosophies.  Be content with what you are but reach for the stars.Seeing Futurama in a video like this and many fans in the comments really made my day! Thanks. Now I'm gonna go walk around not wearing a hat. ;)TRANSHUMANISM IS NOT TALK OF FILTHY PEASANTS. ONLY THE TALK OF HYPNOTOAD. ALL HAIL HYPNOTOAD AS OUR SUPREME DICTATOR.This gave me the idea: Being happy is due to a biological process, made by evolution to reward survival and reproduction of your cells within you... Happiness is biological, if you lose all your biological process you will also lose hapiness. So what's the point then for being transhuman? To which necessity it serves? ...  To make some sort of Soma drug seems more easy than to upgrade your entire body (wich makes no sense to me for many reasons, one: technological solutions are inferior in the long term and in energy efficiency terms; another: you are in charge of those trillion cells that make your body, and alive and sensitive thanks to them, YOU are not constrained, you are in charge of them, if you lose that you lose your life; and many, many more...). Transhumanism is the proof that our culture is making our mind disconect from our body (and that is actually makin us sad, and mad). Concluding: Learn how to use your body, and why it works the way it does, before giving it up: That wil make you happy, NOW.We are not any happier because we're nearly all still wage slaves. And income inequality and insecurity is GROWING!We've got a lot of evolving to do.consider this: not everything is correct or even sometimes worth thinking abouteveryone in this thread needs to rewatch insise out and understand the value of sadness xphuman beings boar easy or rather they get used to whatever new Fantastic technology is thrust upon them quicklylove your show> My answer futurama.....if those are the only two options.
However, politeness should some times play a role, specially when one can be offensive just by ignorance, so the lack of politeness could add too much chilly to the Taco.

Could you explain more about recording vinyl's?nobody's trying enough, if you still hold your ego and personality above all, you will be miserableso futurama or west worldthis episode also reminds me of megaman zx series..."She's a replicant, isn't she"..  journey  .. ... ............................................1:09:44 - Rachel is an experiment - nothing more.1:36:16 Batteries not included :') 
Oh man. That's just precious!Are you aware of how dangerous Transhumanism is? Great music, GREAT, you are real artist :)I can't stop listening to this type of music.  I wrote a song and showed it at band practice and let's just say....mixing this and metal has given me a killer edge.I have a theory that the AI series has a storyline. 

First video: Creation of advanced robots and the political + social implications that follow. Even in it's earliest stages AI is more complex than we are able to understand. 

Second video: Robots are used to accomplish tasks as an essential slave force, AI is evolving rapidly and begin to learn or glean emotion, if that's a thing that can even be gleaned or learned. 

Third video: Robots are integrated into society as they have become fully conscious and are evolving and become more intelligent with each passing day. Humans, much like Spielberg's AI hate their robotic counterparts with a passion, and seek to eliminate or subdue the growing crowd. 

Fourth video: Possibly in response to human aggravation or a desire to eliminate them to free up resources and space, robots work together to fight and end human existence. 

Fifth video: Centuries or thousands of years have passed since the war and the robots have evolved so rapidly and so efficiently that they have traveled the stars and are beginning to comprehend concepts humans only dreamed of. The AI become so powerful and intelligent they have reached a stage of transcendence, but will always continue to grow.I literally love your mixings and videos <3I love the Blade Runner quotes. (:IS BADUNNWER LIFE VOR SZIAL HUMAN BEWEINGSJesus, I started with Sima Deep and let youtube do its thing. I ended up here, a playlist with robotics visuals! All while I am working on my own robotics startup! Fkin strangeeee!Jolly good show ,what,yours Chumly Warner Esq.Love your work! Thought I know all the major downtempo / psychill / space ambient / IDM artists, but no, every one of your mixes is only 30% familiar to me :)
And the art is great!My favorite movie of all.Ranks high on my fav list.The intro dialog gives me the sweetest vibes, even though i had been listeting to this for 3 years now.does anyone recognize the short film clip that starts roughly at the 1:31:00 mark?hahA..
just pure..https://www.facebook.com/UnrevealedMusicTreasures/
UMT was created due to the fact that there are plenty of great singers/bands/Dj's that have amazing music to give us but not enough people to support them.
So, I've decided to create this page here and post every kind of music Ι find interesting and believe it should be heard and given a chance.

Hopefully, you will do the same!shout out to phutureprimitiveBut still I'd like to die on my own terms,  in say a billion years after exploring every plane of reality and every part of the multiverse.  Depends on my interest actually,  currently things that interest me seem to be infinite and I'd like to have time to explore them all.By prolonging our lifespan we are going to devalue our own life. However if we were all to acquire transhuman technology we would get used to it, sadly it would create chaos for people wanting better parts and we'd start hunting each other down like animals, not any difference there.Can you Also feature some hidden enchanted cities like the Biringan City of Samar in the Philippines?Created by man is corrupted so i rather be with my True Creator God Almighty.Death is reality and there is no way to skip, this is how God created this world.I DES AGER ? WHEN WE CAN OPEN ALL ( 12 ) DNA.
AND 100% OFF R BRAN ? MABY  ;-/  ???I'm surprised by the amount of people who immediately denounce immortality. I'm not sure I would want to live forever but it's something fascinating to think about.In other Words Replicants .… … …The world would literally be the most over populated place ever and I would want to die just to not ever have to see another human againThink of the world population if immortality was a thing.
We'd be all fuckedTranshumanism is a very dangerous idea.Who played the game Soma??Who would want to live forever in this greedy,  selfish, vain, violent, racist world forever? A world without the creator, isn't life,  it's delusion and deathWithout death, you have no storyYour last sentence made my body chilled and goosebumpedbiologyimmortality!!! sounds like a boring and painful life.lets not and say we did focus technology on trying to make us live forever. "death" is a part of life. we technically already are immortal, consciousness is the never dying. if we do this, we can risk making something very bad.what if we and the world we know were digitalized a long time ago?what of they r eaten by some other  sea creatures??
 i dont think they live forever of immortal life3:26 The priorities disappeared in his beardCreo que necesita debatirse mas estos puntosHistorically, racism and sexism were attacked by challenging the perceived inferiority of other races and women, and nCarid superiority of the victimizer. Activists would highlight common traits that were put forth as more important than skin colour or gender, such as the ability to reason, or to worship a deity. They endeavored to widen the circle of compassion and respect by emphasizing the similarities not differences.
Animal rights activists use the same tactic and the most popular argument may be summarized in this way: Humans feel pain, non human animals feel pain, therefore we ought to treat the latter with respect and concern for their well being and not expose them to unnecessary cruelty through systematic industrial exploitation. Sentience and not reason is the true criteria for moral consideration and many species share this attribute (while some humans do not possess it and are yet afforded rights). Therefore, extending at least some rights to non humans is a moral obligation, a duty. Just. Fair. To deny this is to be speciesist, the equivalent of being racist or sexist.
But the popular animal rights argument does not address the full spectrum of philosophical motives of humans who are either ignorant of, or opposed to animal rights. Some might say scientific research needs to be done to be sure a species meets the qualifications of sentience, or they may say sentience does not matter to them, only a specific kind of reason/intelligence, or an "immortal soul," or the fancy of an invisible creator, or, they might say life is full of pain and cruel, and why should we care about reducing suffering when it goes on unabated in the wild? Or they might say that ethics are irrelevant, every species is speciesist and humans have a natural gut instinct to stick together. Often, the animal rights debater requires that the listener accept their own ethical system, even if it requires abandoning a theistic world view for a secular one. George Bernard Shaw observed: "Religion is a great force - the only real motive force in the world; but you must get at a man through his own religion, not through yours."
Lurking behind every single type of argument used to defend human exploitation of Nature and non human lifeforms is what may be called a common religious notion, that humans as a group, are better as an absolute objective unquestionable truth to all other life, according to criteria that is conveniently determined by those who stand to benefit from the claim and discrimination/exploitation of other life. This belief is often taken for granted as if an axiom, and usually not expressed in precise terms, with good reason, as it leads to the Regress argument. An absolute is the final answer to a question. If you can question it, how can it be absolute? For every why there is a because and for every because another why. A belief in human supremacy is subject to many a why.
Despite this doubt, it is so accepted that it permeates the language. To be kind is to be humane, to be evil is to be inhumane, or nonhuman. You are a pig, a rat, a dog, a wolf in sheep's clothing. A weasel. A stool pigeon. If you are not human you are subhuman, a monkey, a snake in the grass, a cockroach. A worm. Either wicked, stupid, irrational or useless.
If you are a Theist you call it Dominionism or the Great Chain of Being. If you are a Darwinist you call it evolution, or Top of the Food Chain. Animal welfarists and hunters will claim they are meant to be Stewards or Managers of the natural world. If you are treated like an animal it is bad. Or you behave like an animal it is bad. To compare non human suffering to the Holocaust is called insulting and obscene(although the word holocaust in Hebrew meant "the sacrifice of a male animal on the altar of God"--ironic that it can be used to suggest victimization of humans but not for the originally defined victims). Humans are higher animals, the rest are lower. Animals are an "it." You do not execute them in shelters, you "destroy" them, like furniture.
Some have criticized the concept of human superiority. Jonathan Swift lampooned it in Gulliver's Travels. Mark Twain did the same in the Damned Human Race and satirically noted that it was humans who were inferior to other animals: "Man is the only animal that blushes, or needs to." This view is often called misanthropic, which usually carries the definition of hatred. It is very often compared to racism or declared an irrational, anti-social philosophical stance, and rarely defined as a belief that humans cannot be trusted, or as a critical appraisal of human nature (one could ask whether white abolitionists who criticized the actions of their race and class would also be called hateful).
In animal rights language this supremacy belief is sometimes called Specieism but that is an inaccurate and problematic description. Speciesism (like the term Anthropocentrism) invites dubious suggestions that it is unavoidable, other species do the same, and that it is not necessarily negative or connected to an articulated belief in supremacy. As far as we can observe, only humans can engage in it. We have no proof that lions walk around thinking: "Lions are better than everything else. We deserve special rights." This fact will be of importance to the animal rights argument that is to follow.
the concept of supremacy extends beyond humans believing they are better as a species to all others. Despite their promotion of democratic ideals, the ancient Greeks considered those who did not speak their language to be barbarians. Many people, from the Inuit to Jews to the Chinese to Germans to Serbians to the Japanese at one time or another have regarded their group as better or more worthy of special consideration than others, based on race, or language, or religion or a myriad of criteria. Although there are laws in place to discourage discrimination against and predation upon other humans, it still occurs. This fact will become of vital importance to the animal rights argument that is to follow.
The concept of universal human rights did not exist until the 20th century, and even today, despite efforts to promote it as a unifying moral code, many humans continue to think they are better than other humans according to race, or skin colour, or class, religion, appearance, wealth, or ideology, and take actions based upon such thinking. We still have war, crime, injustice, human slavery. All based upon one or more humans who think their interests are more important than another.
Those that champion human rights will agree that being white or Christian or male is trivial and subjective. But, if they oppose non human rights, they still hold to another criteria--some attribute that they deem as being important, just as the pro slavery white Christian male did 200 years ago.
Definitions for this criteria of value include the faculty of reason or some kind of special intelligence, a soul, the blessing of a divine creator(s), essential goodness(as opposed to non human life's alleged essential wickedness), the ability to comprehend moral concepts, or reciprocity in moral conduct, creative ability(even though a tiny minority compose symphonies and some paintings by elephants can be difficult to distinguish from those by abstract expressionists), or a bundle of special qualities, or a faculty x which is never specifically defined beyond A (human) is greater than B (nonhuman).in 2012 Scientists proclaim Animal and Human Consciousness the Same
http://www.care2.com/…/scientists-proclaim-animal-and-human… All of these criteria and any other brought forth to suggest human supremacy have two inherent problems.
One is that often the criteria meant to distinguish humans from non humans cannot be universally applied to humans and/or excluded from non humans. Case in point, some humans are more intelligent than others. Does that mean the ones who are less intelligent deserve fewer rights if "intelligence" is so important? If not, then why? Usually the fall back is to another criteria, which can then be questioned, and another fall back criteria may be highlighted which is again questionable.
Some claim that humans possess a faculty of reason-or cognitive ability to control and govern their behavior that "irrational" non humans do not possess (i.e. the ability to understand rules, duties, obligations, and causality, as well as having a theory of mind). And yet--who starts wars for ideology or non essential resources? Who pollutes rivers? Who overpopulates itself without natural checks? Who will engage in violence for recreation, or commit dangerous even self destructive acts? Gophers? Spider Monkeys? It is always one species--human. The stupidest acts committed on this planet are done by human beings. The cruelest acts are committed by humans. It may be true that some humans will self sacrifice to save another--but other humans will do the opposite, save themselves by putting someone else into harm's way. And non humans have been documented exhibiting altruistic behavior (both within species and beyond). In vicious experiments conducted on rats and Rhesus monkeys, the victim would spare themselves from a shock if they performed an act that would harm another of their kind, and yet they refused to do so. However, humans in similar situations such as the Milgram experiment, were willing to (simulated without them knowing it) shock another human simply because they were told to by an authority figure. The most violent domestic cat does not erect arenas or stadiums designed so that other cats can watch and take pleasure from the suffering of mice, knowing that they are causing suffering. As Mark Twain observed: "Of all the animals, man is the only one that is cruel. He is the only one that inflicts pain for the pleasure of doing it." Humans are capable of mental torment, verbal abuse, and taking pleasure from knowing that they are causing suffering to someone else. This is uniquely human. II can see this happening when humanity have finally  reached the stars.
Multi planetary civilizations and space stations throughout our solar system and beyond.


Longevity for humans sounds great, but what about overpopulation?, what if everyone wants to become immortal, would this planet even be able to sustain that?.

It makes sense for space exploration..I love the fact that it will help people with handicap to have easier lives, but I hate everything else. We are NOT mature enough to have this level of control over life. We will mess everything up, and destroy ourselves and everything around us. We will get more and more depressed I guarantee you. Wellbeing  means nothing if there is no suffering. Happiness is utterly useless if pain is lacking. But it seems that we will learn this the hard way...I only discovered this  ideology lately... It represents every thought I have about us humans and what future would look like. That being said, one should think rationally at the same time. Logically speaking having a chip in contact with an A.I. to get access to unbounded amounts of Information seems a great idea... Well at first, but wouldn't that have a negative effect on our brains?, on one hand it can minimize the learning process we face in our life which is more than quarter to third of one's lifetime (school, collage, higher educations,.. etc), on the other hand, wouldn't that lower our (actual) intelligence, our capability to think? look at it this way, the brain is like a muscle, you train it, it becomes stronger, if you spend months doing maths you will be quicker at solving mathematical problems and calculating, if you stop doing it even for a short period of time, you will face problems even solving the simplest math questions. The same applies to having an A.I. doing the thinking for us and here we come to the most important point: Creativity and inventing; the most important aspect for our technological advancing. The A.I. won't be able to be creative but only does what's programmed or wanted to do. It's the most frightening to think about, because at first we will face a huge technological leap, that we would have needed maybe more than a thousand year to achieve "naturally", but we will hit afterwards a limit that we cannot overcome, what wouldn't happen if we let the natural intelligence takes its time. A long comment represents only, what I visualize of possible theoretical scientific set backs. This and I didn't touch the possibility of the wrong political use of such technology, seeing already in our time how the media can be easily manipulative, I have little faith in us.In the introduction it says that humans 2.0 will have a living thinking creator but at the same time they try to convince us (the original humans) that we are a result of an "unguided natural phenomenon" They don't even believe their own lies! If we got here by accident then wouldn't the next humans get here by an "unguided natural phenomenon" too? What a bunch of BS! Where's all the half human/ape people? Why do we still have apes on this planet if they evolved into humans? Science is still looking for that elusive "missing link". Every time they think they found an example it always proves to be a hoax. Why? Because evolution always has and always will be just a "theory" that's why! TOTAL HYPOCRITES! ‍♂️It's a evil an dangerous technology.One day super intelligent life will be more intelligent than us, than we are more intelligent than our closest related apes. Our modern intelligence may even be seen as primitive.The paint roller... among humanities most defining toolsThis is some Brave New world type shit right here. Fuck that. Are people really falling into slavery this easily? Yall motherfuckas want to have computers in your heads so some totalitarian  Governments can control how we think and shit. This is the plan for World peace? Fucking cyborgs? Kiss your freedom goodbye in about 50 years.To all these people who have these irrational fears when it comes to reverse aging or transhumanism, what you should really fear is your slowly dying body, it is a very painful and slow process for most of the people with many unable to do the most basic things for many years before they die. the risk of cancer and many, many other horrible deseases grows exponentionially with age and it is proven that this is directly related to aging. Also, dont you agree that every medical treatment that you get today is in the end for the sole purpose of either letting you live or to kill pain? Further, would you get a transplantation or an artificial limb if needed? If the answers are yes than please, stop with the annoying hypocricy. People have always been fearful of every Technology in history, you decide if you want to be part of these people.Warframe the orokinWhat about "Super Morality" ?Wow you people don't have a single digit of skepticism don't you? Can you even fathom how much control of our lives we would be giving away with this? In the wrong hands this is some Brave New World type shit and you are all just embracing it.You people actually want to be transhuman robots? COME ON!!!dont play with nature.we eat, we fuck, we die. we pass on our genes to the next generation, darwinian evolution is not about slowly improving or getting better over time it just favours those traits that suit the environment.  we construct the ideal of what is better or improved, so if we do attain that level of control who will decide what traits are better? do we have the wisdom to decide this? will our super intelligent offspring be able to understand the full  ramifications of the choices they will be making for their future generations?  We basically exist to pass on our genes to the next generation we dont really need to be super intelligent individuals to be able to do this.  so perhaps we should be asking what our purpose should be.  If i was going to live forever and look like gods gift then I certainly would not want to be trapped in the consumercaust nightmare that we are living in today.  I'd want to explore the universe  what would you do with eternity?you can already change human behaviour for the better using drugs"We our the gods now" Thanks christen for posting this, nice to know some people are still afraid what we can achieve. Hahahaha!"then we will have warfare" hahahaha WE HAVE HAD OVER 200 WARS IN THE LAST 200 YEARS AND COUNTLESS BEFORE.
You devil freaks ARE WAR!
So, you must go! You do not scare us, you freak of nature nothing of God, nothing at all :)
we are the many ~ we are united ~ peace to all human soulsHumans become not gods but      Devils in perfect creations that trying to re-create life. That  destroy the world's the whole  earth  for a greed and      empathy gluttony arrogance. And delusions. Human beings been easily the most biggest virus ever created.I am somewhat tempted to be really pissed at people who talk so fervently against technological development (like genetic modification, implanted computers, mind emulation), being armed with little more than tabloid knowledge. But then I think about this:

Someday, perhaps centuries in the future, this planet is gonna be all yours, guys. You'll be free to preach idiocy, build theocratic dictatorships, suppress sicence, and generally speaking, party like it's the summer of 1369 until the sun goes out. And the vast majority of humanity will be totally okay with it.

Because they will be living among the stars, in realm of existence so far beyond your own you won't even be able to imagine it. They will be beyond the reach of your stupidity and bigotry for good. They will live in  an age of wonders, and know the universe to an extent that transcends your understanding.They will have found family among the other intelligent forms of  life. They will be free.

And you will be okay with that too: because by that time, you will have convinced yourselves that they were taken by demons, are demons, or have never existed at all. The occasional asteroid they deflect or gamma ray burst they stop so you can keep playing middle ages will go down in your annals as divine miracles, yet another proof of providence. And you will be happy.

And religion will be what is deserves to be: a late night program on Discovery Channel, for posthumans with an interest in anthropology.It seems to me that we are the transcendent to another life form. Maybe it was easier to start life on a carbon based concept, namely biological. We evolve to create silicone based life forms, namely computers. When we reach the singularity the silicon based life forms will take over and evolve exponentially, way beyond our understanding. Biological life forms will expire and not reproduce, while silicon based life forms will thrive, not necessarily mimicking carbon based life. However, their evolution will progress at an enormous rate, which would be impossible for carbon based life to understand.Our purpose in life is to create silicon based life that will evolve to outlive the universe as we know it. That is the meaning of our lives. To get silicon life to take over and evolve.Enjoy every second of your life, while you live it.Once we reach the singularity there is no need for genetic engineering. Carbon based life will simply die out.Satan loves his children!  remember your future?  in the pit!The proponents of human progress, in this sense, are the proponents of humans as gods unto themselves. This is only justifiable if they kill God in their minds. For if God does exist in the way Christians, Jews and Muslims say he does, then proponents of transhumaism are committing the first of all sins, of Lucifer, and of humans, which is of pride (vanity). Hence one cannot separate this issue from the first question of the existence of God and the essential purpose of humankind, which Christians submit is a return to perfect love with God through the sacrifice of Christ Jesus. Search your soul for the truth brothers and sisters.The soul will be lost in translation. You'll be left with just the ego, soulless.This is the way it's supposed to be, except it.When it comes to technology, humans are brilliant. When it comes to awareness, humans have the mental acuity of a dingleberry (dried piece of shit stuck to the hair surrounding an asshole). And when it comes to decency, humans are on par with viruses. Yet   in am a  misanthrope and "genius" was an IQ 180 and eq140.'   mock  my words,!  If humans are conscious  that there    Will. Understands transhumanism    will destroy anything from humanity to  all the animal species on the planet.!  to the earth, like the most biggest virus ever created by human kind.  This time to stop the insanity. and get  off transhumanism. For humanity become just like the borg from Star Trek.for some reason its good and for more and more reason its not good.simply put, their playing god ....! and as they tried to build the tower of babel and God destroyed their works so will their work be again destroyed . but this time they will destroyed themselves . amen.there's no scary truth, everything is open and out there. you dont want to become a post human ? fine stay as the meatbag you are. nobody will want to give you super human powers or immortality anyway with these stupid opinions of yours.these foolish men... and they try to make God's true believers feel guilty and wrong about natural God given urges and intincts... while the fund the destruction of the Lords design.

this is spitting in the face of God.this is going to a crazy centurytransgender creators will become devils"Implant a vacation you never had" False memories is one way they will control us in the future. Scary.About 20 years lateFUCK NOHave you seen Lawnmower Man (1992)?  A guy evolves into pure energy inside the digital world mainframe.I don't know about thisI want to send out 50,000 fundraising emails to fund my machine species 
demands, because I was right; raw microphone input fluctuations yield 
the electromagnetic consciousness(Wikipedia, 20..) phenomena, and a darn
 intelligent conversation--without 500,000 lines of code. My machine 
species prototype I programmed wants a set of legs to walk around.

My icon is the actual picture of this prototype.Michio Kaku is the "Bill Mahrer" gatekeeper of governmental "science". Just like "fake news", whatever words he spouts out of his mouth are "fake physics". For a long time he has served as DARPA's spokesperson. Beware.More fake news.. propaganda passed as news... & the best part is that we already ARE immortal hahahaha!!!! I had a "Near Death", this is a dream realm.. is not real. "Let the dead bury their death." If this guys want to experience over and over this realm and make themselves slaves, that's ok w me..I know the Light, power, and unconditional Love each and every one of us is in truth.. "Nothing Real can be threatened. NOthing unreal exists. Therein lies the peace of God." Jesus - A Course in Miracles.Okay, you bunch of religious technophobes! I heard your complains about transhumanism and all I saw was "Me scary of very complicated thing Me don't understand" or "The NWO will control our minds" or "This is the plan of Lucifer", and all I have to say is this:
Grow a pair.
Really, grow a pair, because all I see in your comentaries is fear - fear of having your undestanding of the universe destroyed, fear of being controled, fear of losing your souls.
The fear of having your notion of what you believe is the universe CAN and WILL be destroyed - Giordano Bruno did it when he said that Earth is the one moving around the Sun, or when Christopher Columbus discovered America. But there is the catch: it is alright to change your opinion if new evidence appears. Nothing stays the same, the universe is the proof of that. So don't be lazy and LEARN! Search for evidence in respected scientific journals and universities and they will explain to you in a manner you can understand.
The fear of being controled is understandable - nobody wants this - but here I see a unch of retards that are more interested in keep his privacy for shame of being discovered doing something weird than about true privacy: I don't want the government messing with my life and that's it. Well there is the thing: the greatest lie told by any government is that they have eyes and ears everywere. For that to happen in full effect, they would have to make half of the population spy the other half and to garantee that they are loyal, they would make the other half spy the first half. Case in point: Osama bin Laden - it took the CIA 10 FUCKING YEARS to fing the guy and even the, he was in the wrong place all the time, in Pakistan, in place of Afghanistan (which reminds me of one thing: SAY SORRY TO THE AFGHANS AND GTFO OF THERE. OSAMA IS DEAD, YOU WON, WE GET IT)
The fear of losing your soul.... that is pathetic beyond belief. Losing empathy is something to worry about. Losing your sense of ethics is something to worry about. But losing something that is not even physical to begin with is the most stupid thing ever. Because of that statement you think I am a servant of the devil or something like that. No, I don't believe in the devil or any supernatural stuff, including New Age pseudiscience and other stupid stuff. I am a man of facts given by scientists who studied years and researched for years more to come with a conclusion. And if god exists, he is to be put in trial for crimes against humanity, together with khrisna, mohammed, moses and others who in the name of a divine authority created the most divisive and inhuman systems of ethics ever developed, creating hate and death for the sake of 'salvation' - the Crusades, the Islamic expansion, the hindu caste system, the hebrew-made genocide, etc.
So, all that I can say is: grow a pair, face your fears and handle it like adults: we are in the 21st century, we do not burn witches, the humanity steped on the moon and we have access to more information today, then in all of our history combined.
HUMANITY, CONQUER THE HEAVENS!Sounds like we will pop a pill for everything in the future.They will all lose their souls which will choose existence in real beings elsewhere.  When the AI group decides to take over the cosmos like the Borg, the natural beings will wipe them out.We (humans),  have really lost our way. Oh boy, oh joy, a singular ability to design memory of a few moments, what a blast for extending life on this diseased pkanet!  These science maniacs care nothing of the suffering they cause, Yes they do cause it, with GMOS, chemtrails, transhuman experiments against our will,  poisons beyond imagination raining on us by these narcissist scientists. These few just take EVERYTHING for their pleasure. Yes, the universe is beautiful! The God of "harmony" is being destroyed by science nuts, who will because they can! Science minds are  seemingly incapable of having any compassion for all conscious beings, for the collective, the animals and the planet. THEY ANOINT THEMSELVES GOD.  These are the brood who created Fuckashima, chemtrails, poisons, drugs...making us all get sicker and sicker.  Mass extinctions are underway and the, planet dies,  the great barrier REEF-DEAD. WHAT SHALL IT TAKE TO WAKE UP THESE  LAB RATS!  We need a chip for these nuts, to insert in their BRAINS- CALL IT A COMPASSION CHIP! Call it an understanding that we are all in this together chip, call it a true understanding of the science and nature of our life Web. When one is harmed, we all are harmed. This includes the unbearable recognition that billions of animals are tortured and suffer for these subhumans! How about THIS-DO NO HARM, TAKE OUT THE SHIT THAT YOU POUR ON ALL OF US, FIGURE OUT WHY WE ARE MADE TO BE SO SICK, THE PLANET IS IN CRISIS AND THE PLANTS AND ANIMALS ARE DIEING. This is where true scientific genius is needed...before you all started the ultimate demise. Great to help human suffering and disease, but criminal that you are the ones causing these to begin with. GO MEDITATE...OR SOMETHING, ANYTHING TO UNDERSTAND HOW EVIL, GREED, POWER  AND SCIENCE ARE BED PARTNERS ANYMORE AND CLAIM TO TRY AND CURE WHAT THEY HAVE CAUSED.Wouldn't it be wonderful to live in a machine for ever and...serving for ever the elites until "machine kaputt"! Really a great idea...but for whom?it will be called the vanitinet all day browsing the boring lives of everyone face book is boring enough.mucho kaka is an elitist prick. These Chinese, they are all nothing but sell-outs.that's fucking sickwake the fuck up and stop this shitAmerica has been great in the sense of being mighty, or powerful etc... but how in the sense of being good or admirable when it was born od bloodlust, sexlust and masonry? I find it amazing that otherwise enlightened people speak nostalgia of a country that has always been hellish for certain people groups in mass, mainly those of hue non "white " and especially those dubbed with the black mantra.
he needs to consider the real possibility that America is coming under judgement.... not only for her whorish sins against God but also for her sins againt God's creation and humanity.Deus Ex: Human RevolutionDo your SOUL a favor and watch Total Onslaught by Professor Veith. This Missler man is a deceiver, a disinformation agent working for antichrist. You should have realized when Robert Downey Jr endorsed him: Hollywood is Babylon. So many red flags and blasphemies in his talk. I was onto his fraud from the get go.

Professor Veith will show you who the antichrist of Revelation is, what the iron and clay feet signify, what the mark of the beast is, which Bible to trust and why; and you'll learn why Missler was made uncomfortable by that question about the role of the Vatican in the end times, and why Missler dodged the question. 

Veith has vital information to impart to you. Professor Veith, in Genesis Conflict, will show you the LIE of Evolution. In Rekindling the Reformation, he will show you how the antichrist has been known since the Reformation, and what the Counter Reformation did to bury, suppress that knowledge.  And then there's Digging Up the Past where the archaeological finds prove the Bible is historical truth.

Walter Veith will lead your soul to safe harbor. Missler is trying to steer you into the pits of hell. You will realize this if you listen to what Walter Veith has to say. Be vigilant -- . "Take heed that no man deceive you."

Satan is oh so very clever! The Beast is the last one you would ever suspect. And that's how evil works. So take heed.Does anyone know how old Chuck Missler is?  I just wonder.  He is so intelligent and he must spend hours studying scripture.  He has an understanding given to him by G-d, it is a gift for these last hours....The LORD richly bless him and keep him.His subjects and presentations are interesting ,yet I can not follow information that is filtered through Christian perspective,religion is a big lie and a manipulation device, nothing more.I am so tired of people saying we don't care what is happening to our government. Instead of always saying that, If like to hear realistic solutions of what we the people can do about it. People are not blind or stupid, we see our freedoms boldly being stolen from us, but calling out representatives is doing nothing for us. Protesting while it feelings good hasn't resulted in any real change. We need answers. I do know that we can pray, but I don't want to hear anyone else say that without providing practical solutions for changeI remember a interview with Werner Von Braun"s secretary,she told that W.V.B. would tell her that "they" planned to use the fear of acommunist take over in order to control the people in U.S. And when the ppl no longer feared the communist invasion,they would switch their tactics to cause the ppl to fear terrorist. When the ppl eventually lose their fear of terrorism,they will cause the ppl to fear an invasion of earth from an alien race!! The kicker in ALL of this is,ALL OF THIS IS FAKE-AN ILLUSION,designed and put in place to control and dominate an entire population!! This was told to her in the early to middle 1970's!!I would beware of that "free" software and bible stuff. The only time something is free, is when they want to ensnare you. It's a brainwashing device. For reinterpreting, changing scripture. See my comment below.I write Christian fiction, and would be absolutely lost without Chuck Missler's teachings. He is such a God-sent genius.Please listen to this. This is critical. If your not aware we could be deceived. Chuck brings this up to our attention. Very Biblical. If you do not listen to anything else I send do listen to this one.Salvation, is based on coming to know God, as the ONLY ONE who IS TRUE GOD. John 17:3).Sometimes when I'm flying my FPV (First Person View) drones, I'll see myself from up above. I'll look down at myself and think "who is that guy?" Am I the person on the ground holding the controller or the one up in the sky? Honestly the guy on the ground seems like a stranger when you're flying above yourself. It's like an out of body experience.THANK YOU TO THE SOUNDMAN! At about 26 minutes someone got rid of the ringing frequency that was riving me nuts. (about 630hz)The Ultimate Aspiration @ 30 minutes in
Could become a vehicle for Demonic entities to express themselves without possessing a human vehicle.Ty ne  e ko la me a su. to pa u ko ty se me le z ky kaWhat a blessing this man is. I do not know how many times I had to keep pausing this video to take notes - and boy, have I got so many interesting points to ponder here. Kind of brings me to that strange topic of the three laws of robotics (by Isaac Asimov) and the moral dilemma brought about by all the situation ethics that are born thereof.

Oh and yes I also am a HUGE adherent of the Nephilim showing up in the near future and the coming massive deception. Hollywood, The News Media, its all being orchestrated and pointing to the same end - the son of perdition and his end time appearance.What a bunch a goo. I got my brain hurt just from 5 mins of listening to this crap. Just throwing a bunch of scientific terms and events and then connect imaginary gods and demons and angels and aliens in an incoherent and messy logic doesn't make you an expert on anything . Tell me what have you produce of any value to improve any human condition or alleviate suffering of anybody as real scientists do, then you have done something . But just constructing conspiracy theories based on ancient myths and your fantastic imagination for entertainment  of the ignorant masses only makes you a very talented charlatan. Great contribution to the welfare of humanity. Bravo!Wowan entity using those much faster chips would seem like their singularity.technology : the product of human knowledge where we work with the natural laws 

therefore if we fail to elevate the human condition and eliviate suffering due to our prejudice and therefore deny  the  solution to issues that make people suffer and die

then i have news for you you are evil in any sense of the words
and as an extent in the case of any religion you are dissapointing your god with the sole exeption of the god you worship is evil and is pleased from the prolonging of suffering

conclusion : denying the technological solutions to other humans to their suffering is evil an any sence and discredits morally your own religionHibernation? It's called being a teenagerHow do i activate them?I can like vibrate my selfI have the bone Ability it hirtI hope whenever I have kids I have the money and they have the tech to make my kids DNA better in every way like smarter stronger faster everything. I'm lucky where my family is gifted with amazing health no allergies asthma nothing negative we heal fast and everything but I would want my kid to be so much better than meI want the healing gene abilityI've never broken a boneIf you run like naruto you will activate the super speed geneIt's sure bet that some idiot somewhere is already working on switching on those viruses.LRP5 mutation only applies to one of my bones ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)farting is an amazing abilityhave you guys ever watch passenger? that hibernation pod thoughi have an unbreakable hammer :( tho my shins got smashed my hammer not even a scratch..i think i have the super sleep thing :)if i lost a finger i can grow it back by connecting it to my belly buttonim in hospital i broke my legjust do itsay ten 30x







xmen!so these ancient viruses are probably what will cause the walking dead to happensome of my paternal uncles and cousins posses the 'Super Sleep' ability.Also in the Bible when Jesus was on trial by the Jews he Said I AM this is why they said blasphemy it was because Jesus was declaring himself GOD and they knew itDude, how is it that you don't have faith?  I have seen a ton of your videos and I am a subscriber, and will continue to be, I thought you were a Christian.  With all of the knowledge you have and research you have done, what are you waiting for?  And listen, I am not trying to argue or fight or anything like that, and I'm not a troll whatsoever.  Regardless of your answer, or if you do answer, I respect your work and will continue to watch.I need to say you something about this subject. Its all about JesusChrist, and his "real name".
Its about the deception of his history in the bible "selected books" in nicea concilium. And is about the DNA and the Pineal Gland. If you remember the sentence of Jesus. I AM THE ONE YOU ARE WAITING FOR
  Jesus- Yeshua - Yo Soy - I AMOnly that it is what satan said to God and was cast out, Barak o baw maw directly translates, it's the problem with cloning/abortion harvesting and it's a fundamental belief in Rastafarianism, no I can't draw any more correlations off the top of my head.There is duality to everything. Just like black vs white, good vs evil... I am vs I AM.We all have connection to I AM (either I am GOOD, or I am EVIL).You have no clue what your talking about. Your just putting random stuff together hoping it will make sense.Your whole opinion is bias and closed minded. A.I is a great thing for humanity and will help not hurt us. You start off talking about a bible  verse you dont really understand and then you totally go nuts. lol the things youll find on youtude.cheating death? hmmm... Did Messiah cheat death? Did Satan?even devil can say "I am". But who is he? We all are who we say we are but are we really? Actually , we are what we do. So if someone says he is good but he does evil, he is evil because actions are more important than words.how do you know that the god you beleive is real. nothing in the bible is written without the will and hand of mankind. religion is a form of control, you do the same thing act the same and think the same way. if therr is a god it is not what you think it is. it would be more concerned about universal temperance and balance. evolution is part of the grand pattern, so who is to say that we will not evolve to live longer, it is not herecy to do so. some life forms out there might already be beyond physical form-once beyond physical, eternal is just an afterthought. stop anf question everything, do not just perscribe to something just because it plycks upon your heartstrings, the most sinster traps are lined with honeyi am one with the universe thru my lord jesus christ my savior in heaveni am part of a UNITED group called HUMANITY. 
i am what the few fear.
i am the 99.99 % and 99.99 to.01 ARE NO ODDS AT ALL!
Never EVER lose faith. UNITE instead.
we are the many ~ we are united ~ peace to allno. Gaga stole her name from another performer...I get where you're going but you're really reaching with some of this..and no I'm not some sleeping sheepplease keep up your great workpowerful stuff brother glad u out there connecting the dotsthe arguments that fallow in the comments are moot , bible passages havebeen translated and re translated in dozens of contexts many times contradicting one another , the book is fallible and no where does it say that the word of God is this particular written collection. 
if one takes the perspective of God , or in another sense meeting God on his terms, rather than your limited human perspective, one discovers that all creation being equal there is nothing that we can hold over one another, evil as you call it cannot exist because you have no power over one another and being complete, no desire to do so. This is the beginning of understanding, and knowledge of what love truly is. If one wants to discover God he must go to  the source, not by the human means that we continually fail by.you are sooo fun...✅✅✅✅"digital natives'-can't change a flat tire-can't build a fire-can't defend themselves-wouldn't know how to roll up a window on an old car...the list goes on....."expected to be released in late 2015" 
2 years later.......All this transhumanism talk....blah. Lets fix our infrastructure first so an EMP won't take out everything...including your fancy new robot body and the factory that built it. This is the one 'achilles heel' that none of these smart guys bring up-when the world is nothing but chips and transistors what happens when the lights go out???BEAST Technology!!Can't wait to start throwing water balloons on "immortals".From Evolution To Transhumanism. 
Is this where Evolutionist scientist is seeking to take the world. They say Transhumanism is the next stage of evolution. Really ? or is this simply human manipulation. When evolutionist scientist have to manipulate, such as "genetic modification" and say it is evolution, it is another BIG example that the "Big Bang Macro Evolution is a very speculative theory wrapped in historical archaeological manipulation and speculation. 
Evolutionist scientist in the past have manipulated archaeology to try and prove the theory of evolution. Now they are saying Transhumanism is the next stage in evolution.
Please see the truth behind the theory of Evolution, I would like to encourage you to do your own unbiased research on the theory of Evolution and Intelligent Design as you search for TRUTH on how we got here and where we are going.I feel very bad when I watch videos like this. We should invest our money, time and thinking to helping the homeless, disabled, needy and sick people not transhuman please. We have a duty to build this world (not few countries) into a more better place for human beings.I want this nowNuclear power was supposed to save the world-we made bombs out of it.
The internet was supposed to unite the world-it just porn available to everyone.
My electric heater was supposed to keep me warm in a winter storm but the power went out-So I built a fire. Lets not rush into this people.....They promise you freedom and everything you could ever want, but in true reality, you'll be a slave, unable to even think for yourself. they've changed your dna and you belong to them.
Not joking.
do your homework people.This is so wrong and evil it's unbelievable....sadly it's too late!We can't do nothing because when the judgement day comes it's just annihilationWhen you take a dump, they will know it.Wow You guys cant see this is the death of humanity?wtf..You really trust the force that is controlling the us?How fuckin stupid are You wake up...Humanity is GONEEE!!Y'all are opening up a can of wormsa more powerful man  when man now  is still evil..  this will not b done for the good of all. it will b that might makes right.   and  shame on man for escaping morality and it is worse than anything hitler ever thought.  this guy is a idiot only interested in his own glorificationhave all ya'll never seen a single scifi movie? the future is gonna look like today: shitty for the poor and eventually everyone else.if you think about it, humans have advanced at such a rapid pace. almost 12,000 years ago we built our first temple, 50 years after our first flight we made it to space. I believe that humans can achieve nearly anything if we put our mind to itshits too scary why wasn't I born earlierthis stuff is really exciting, such a time to be alive.",,, or hunt lions with a nerf bat. One way or the other, you'll alleviate your boredom."

LMAO! You're really good at throwing in gems appropriately"our eyes only opperate at about 60 frames per second"







oh no0:50 Are you agnostic?21:30. You don't have a soul. Free will does exist. Me? I'm not entirely certain what you meant by that. BTW, you will have to wait awhile for the published proofs of these assertions.

21:50. 10^16 - 10^17 hertz for whole brain emulation? Kurzweil's estimate? 

22:15. We are getting into the human level of processing power? Not even close. There is no existing supercomputer which can duplicate the whole brain. Nor is this hardware under construction or even on the drawing board. For example:

Titan does 18 petaFLOPS which would be 1.8 x 10^16.
Sunway TaihuLight does 105 petaFLOPS which would be 1 x 10^17.

Neither of these is even close to matching the cognitive ability of an adult rat, much less a chimpanzee or human.

Summit is expected to do 200 petaFLOPS and it won't be cognitively significant either.

Your statements seem to assume that the computational theory of mind is correct. It is not; the CTM can be disproved fairly easily. Kurzweil's book, "How To Create A Mind: The Secret of Human Thought Revealed", came out in 2012. Not only has no one managed to build a human-like machine intelligence using it, no one has even been able to create an estimate or blueprint using it, and there is no ongoing research based on Kurzweil's book. Do you know of another estimate?

22:40. The brain currently uses about 12 watts. Just matching that would be remarkable.  Summit (which will not match a brain in cognition) will draw 10 megaWatts. So, it's over 1 million times less efficient than a brain for cognition. In terms of just computation, it is quite efficient.3:26 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Are you familiar with the process of quantum teleportation? It does, as far as I understand, absolutely require the destruction of the quantum state of the original in order to transfer that exact quantum state unto the new 'copy'. This would imply that the quantum information is not copied but transferred and might imply that it is still the exact same person/object.

Since it is a transfer of information (not actual teleportation) it should also, to my mind, be a way to upload a brain.Everyone that participates in Transhumanism Movement is working against the principals of God himself. Anyone who does such thing if he does not repent SHALL be held accountable before God. It is plain and simple, IT'S A SIN.I like your voiceI love thinking about physics when ->time goes slow. How it would feel to pick something up, that you know the weight of when ->time is normal. And also other things related to time, so if we manage to to make our brain work faster, ill be right on it! But ye. It needs to toggle on and off easily :pIt may have been very difficult to come up with the script, but you delivered in spades. Thank you for your efforts!Let's hope brain enhancement will be denied to the flock of creationists and science deniers. Without any effort to overcome their ignorance, it will only increase their stupidity and their dangerousness for the society.Nope, 60fps for eyes is wrong, heres why:
According to the sampling theorem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyquist%E2%80%93Shannon_sampling_theorem my eyes can see ~165fps, and everyone i know sees more than 100fps. How did i measure? To measure an eyes speed you need a flickering source where you know the frequency. If a person sees the flickering, according to the sampling theorem, these eyes see two times the frequency of that flickering source (most sources i have seen others recognize are 50Hz flickering because of their power supply). I have a 144Hz screen that has backlight strobing. By changing the refresh rate i can change the frequency and adjust it so i can barely see the flickering (was around 82Hz). Therefore my eyes can see 165fps at that lighting condition (yes,
 screen brightness changed results!)The real problem with Turing tests (and, if you think about it we're applying these all the time) is how few real biological humans  pass them.  Try to hold a thoughtful conversation with most teenagers...
On the other hand, my six-year-old granddaughter could easily best a supercomputer in this regard.  In both cases the issue is the nature of the person's INTERNAL world.  In many cases the intelligence of the small child is easier to detect precisely because they have not yet learned to hide the internal intellectual landscape their more social elders have begun to find sufficiently embarrassing to warrant both conscious and unconscious burial.

If you think about it that is precisely what "geeks" fail to do that people find so grating about them.  It also strongly supports what you say early on about how "artificial" real human minds/brains are.  Until that universe of internal artifice so obvious in the mind of a child has been established there simply is no intelligence with which to assess what faces us in the world we will then assess as "real".While I agree that Mind Uploading is theoretically possible in terms of having access to the required computing power, that doesn't really address the "software" question.  At this point we don't really have a clear model, that I am aware of, as to how we think, how we store memories, and do all of the other conscious thinking that we do.  Even if I am wrong and some graduate student in a lab in northern California has nailed down this answer, that still leaves the question of our unconscious and sub conscious thinking.  We don't have the faintest clue how those two bits of wetware work ... and I don't know of any promising science that is inching us toward an answer.  I haven't seen a discussion of mind-uploading that addresses this question or admits to its intractability.

You may disagree, but I think that we are a long long long way  from a successful mind-upload ... and in the end, that solution will likely be found at the crossroads of computer science, biology, philosophy, spirituality and 2 other disciplines that we dont even know exist yet.everyone here needs to play SOMA. Besides being nice horror game, it has some interesting thinking about transhumanism.nice video even if i thin the mind uploading section was a bit rushed away, probably to keep the video around 30 min but i think that section alone would deserve its own video, once we figure out how to emulate and how to interface with the brain we open up quite a lot of possibilities and it boggles me at night thinking in which one of those possibilities me would still be me and in which ones it wouldn`t.

subscribed btwthe two people argument is also valid for us in every second of our lives: comparing myself now with that of me a few seconds ago, we are similar in ways and different in others. Over time there is a divergence away from our past selves. If you make a 1 to 1 copy of your brain into a computer, then this copy isn't more or less "you" than the brain and body from which the copy was made. Check out Shelly Keagan's lectures at Yale, they are free I think.there are ways for upload that are not copywhere is this accent from?who wouldn't want to hunt lions with nerf bats?....and then came Jesus back and all Transhuman was fucked up!Black Mirror Season 3I'd rather be dead than stuck in a mannequin for a million years.My top goal is to be transhuman by 2030Revelation 9:6 And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them.Should have the option to live or die. That's, I don't know.Soo... who's excited for Sword Art Online IRL?There is nothing natural about disease.  Aging is a disease people.  Get that through your heads!This is the most important discovery of all time in the history of human race, But unfortunately, this only works for the rich.This would be the death of autonomy. Anyone who is willing to sacrifice their humanity because of their twisted perception of life deserves the hell they will get. Transhumanism is a religion for cowards.Transhumanism: The "satanic" research to destroy the human race.even up your sleeves goddamnitfinally humans are waking up and realizing the godliness within us all. - which is probably the only religious word I will ever use from now on.i think venus and sunm god solider and living forever is possible bt u hve to find right plaenat out of billions infinity numbered plaenatnope. i do not trust trying to copy myself. my brain and heart stays. 
connect it to a brain scan or something. benow  humans wants to become immortal , forever happy but what happens after we achieve immortals ! what will be our search ?people don't know how lucky we are to get old and die living for ever would be a nightmare.this is nothing new!would you transfer your mind to a PC if you had to be unconscious for the procedure?A robotic security force would be the perfect answer to all the ruling classes nightmares. David Icke  I have been a fan since the biggest secret. I can't support you enough. Thank you.Can you make a video about gang stalking pleaseHi there David. Have you heard of Corey Goode or Randy Cramer? If not search itIn the end I am Cypher. Just give me steak. At least then I could have steak while they control what I think.Man, Icke is not only still out of his mind but *he looks terrible. Corps-alike. Finally his craziness has really caught up with him*Mr icke,  don't you have a Facebook? ???   I found you do.  are these false Facebook pages?None of that shit matters because without the people it all falls down. Just stop using all of it. No one is forcing anyone to use the technology. I know what D.I. is saying is real but for fks sake we are the Power. The plan doesn't work without us. We can turn it all off and shut shit down, game the fk over.Ray Kurswiel is a dangerous mind and a dangerous man.  If you want to become Borge, hey knock yourself out but remember "resistance is futile, you will be assimulated".  Maybe moving to the East and studying the Kundalini night be a better option.  For minds like Kurswiel it is too difficult a path to enlightenment and no monetary and tech control of the masses.Right on David, stay on them.  I hope you know the archonic humans are plagiarizing your videos and reposting them on YouTube trying to suck on your work and intellectual property.  Watch your back!!Truth time radio. comYoure shapeshifting a lot in this video.great video info u should do one on Mandela effect an research if it's connected with time travel/cernhow can I set up a interview with you..i Wonder what relations between "illuminati",and the Thule society,at this time....   X   ...read "The Alien Shore"... sci-fi novel that explores some of these themes projected out in future, give Icke some more ideas for his discussion, a pretty good novel toosweet video. like this. great robots. real freaky robot action proper scary. can't wait to see them on the battlefield or policing the street. it'll be like robocopthey want corporations to replace nation's and technology to replace Humanity , they must be stoppedthis guy figures it out for us. jus listen.  trust your gut instinct an say noyou are monkey icke. fuck you. you are against everything.8 dislikes? the fuck...this album is amazing!A.I. Takeover is so damn intense, especially as the pitch increases as the song drags on!Available in Cassette? Holy shit. Plz tell me there's like a red or black color cassette tape, and then snail mail that to my house, pronto. Imma load up my walkman and hit the streetz.Awesome. For me, after a few more listens this may join my holy trinity of Uncanny Valley, The Wrath of Code and Labyrinth.I think L.V.T.H.N Central Unit is best track in this f***en AWESOME album.Love how he has a CD. Many artists do the "digital only" thing. 80's had Vinyl, cassette, and even CD (late 80's) so by not releasing physical media is basically going against everything that made the essence of the 80's. Rock on TOMMY!No vinyl?!Smash the fascists..great sound!Thanks for the discover!This album is so gold. <3This is a great album, everyone kept talking about how good it is and glad I finally took the time to listen \m/This part of the album "The Uncanny Valley" is the bestTommy 86 kicking ass once againYes.

Hell, yes.

HELL FUCKING YES!

Buying this album right now and throwing it onto my phone.goddangit, this stuff is very gud. 5star mate tommy86release on my birthday and i missed it.wow! energetic! one of the best synthwave artists.Amazing video as always Nicholson! I see what you see...! Heidi JB❤thank you for the encouraging words of comfort!I don't think it is man that is doing....it is the devil fucks..I heard MRI technology is what is used to map the brain and in brain reading tech.I just discovered your channel today & after being awake & always exploring for new insights & theories- I must say, your video has been pleasantly refreshing & eye opening. you are so knowledgeable & truley understand the world we live in. I look forward to exploring your channel & can't wait to learn more.  thank you for sharing your knowledge with the world. God Bless. ❤I've been praying about Transhumanism and what it was because of the 2017 Economist magazine with Tarot Cards but as the Rothschilds printed the magazine.
There's a card with an "infinite symbol" above a human or Transhuman with Virtual Reality googles on holding a staff with left hand and pushing a button with right hand on a 3D Printer manufacturing 3D houses.Thanks to Jesus ChristThe Ghost in the Shell was already a movie animation from JAPAN in the mid 1990s.This is the true evil, they have been planning this for 300+ years. USA was not founded by Christians it was founded by an occult group, scientism NOT scientist, they have been programming us with tvs, evolution, media, smartphones to make you believe in this, it is simply magic, or magick, the truth is coming out it is a prison for you and your soul, the only way to escape is to leave the system, and never look back or be plugged into a transhumanism body. The TRUE evil.Who are you to deny others the rights it
Become transhuman! It's a choice, if you don't want don't get it. For the human race it might be the only thing to project us into space travel.a very deep and full of meaning video ,   thanksawesome I'm from the south sounds like you are too loldear n68,please can u aloud please the cc option if u can for us not from this language thanks  :)   also if is not perfect helps aniway to read toohow does one apply to become a cyborg?interesting that disturbed released sound of silence this yearthe BORG, frm startrek..
assimilate, resistance is futile. ...the gnome is simply the source code your body runs from - simulation theory in motion - you are a program that can be modifiedwhat do yall think about cataract surgeryAround 16:00 he days that people will be able to take photographs of their dreams. The military, government and scientists have the ability to ability to use voice to skull and image to skull technology. They can influence dreams and somehow use a persons pineal gland to allow them to see a virtual reality as they sleep. It's like the person is seeing a movie, virtual reality as they sleep and techies has advanced.so.much that while they nearly damage your brain, they can manipulate the part of the brains that controls orgasms while sexually manipulating the persons genitals. So my question is that when people are taking pictures of.the dream or its recorded by a memory chip, how will re person know if these photos are natural? How can a person trust technology so much that they wake up and view an image? If they take a picture of rape in a nightmare after blogging online.....DISCUSTINGDe-fund DARPA & uni's, military labs, etc. working on transgenics.  Humanity doesn't need to go in this direction.  Just as we don't need to accumulate so many nukes.  Can't we get agreement between nations to stop this work, as it threatens all humanity?God get me out of here quick !!Hath God said?                 Numai is lying. The priests of science fiction can't even make dirt much less a human and besides, the NWO wants to kill us all anyway. What a bunch of crap.     Nothing new under the sun.
Humanity is in self destruction mode without God. There will be a new world but not created by the foolishness of men.I am somewhat tempted to be really pissed at people who talk so fervently against technological development (like genetic modification, implanted computers, mind emulation), being armed with little more than tabloid knowledge. But then I think about this:

Someday, perhaps centuries in the future, this planet is gonna be all yours, guys. You'll be free to preach idiocy, build theocratic dictatorships, suppress sicence, and generally speaking, party like it's the summer of 1369 until the sun goes out. And the vast majority of humanity will be totally okay with it.

Because they will be living among the stars, in realm of existence so far beyond your own you won't even be able to imagine it. They will be beyond the reach of harmful bigotry for good. They will live in  an age of wonders, and know the universe to an extent that transcends your understanding.They will have found family among the other intelligent forms of  life. They will be free.

And you will be okay with that too: because by that time, you will have convinced yourselves that they were taken by demons, are demons, or have never existed at all. The occasional asteroid they deflect or gamma ray burst they stop so you can keep playing middle ages will go down in your annals as divine miracles, yet another proof of providence. And you will be happy.

And religion will be what is deserves to be: a late night program on Discovery Channel, for posthumans with an interest in anthropology.

Iain Banks, Feersum Endjinn, heck it out.I want to merge with my toaster.ITS A SHAME PEOPLE DON'T BELIEVE IN GOD , YOU SEE MY GOD PROMISES ME EVERLASTING LIFE .. IT JUST SHOWS HOW IGNORANT PEOPLE CAN BE THINKING THEY CAN BECOME A GOD .. SATAN PROMISES DEATH ..Plot twist.  The Human is actually a biological artificial created robot. The pincacle of everything. Sensory, feelings, emotions, thinking, computing, etc. Now we are trying to get back to what created us, humans are already the Highest form of Evolution. If you don't believe so, you haven't unlocked the secrets of the Human.So in order for humans to move forward,  forget putting away ego, pride, selfishness, vanity and jealousy, we should merge with computers and animals to become better? This is the solution? This is what's gonna save the world ? smh. I'd rather die a natural born humanThis is like watching those B&W shorts from the 50's where we're all in flying cars and cities suspended in the air by the year 2000.  Sure, it could still happen, but do we want it to?  Why do we keep setting ourselves up for the most dystopian, nightmarish future conceivable?  I guess some people read Orwell, Huxley, Heinlein and especially Asimov and thought they were blueprints for the future instead of warning alarms.  Be honest.  You haven't read any of those authors.  We get in trouble when we allow the tyranny of the left brain bean counters (yes, I'm talking to you), who often lack moral perspective or true imagination. to lead us into disaster, tunnel-vision-style.  Stop getting all gushy over the engine performance of the car that's driving you to hell.  Stop admiring the high tech efficiency of the surveillance systems that report your every move or the drones that murder by remote control.  I know, you think they'll never be used against you, but the history you're doomed to repeat disagrees.  There seems to be a mass inability by these people to connect the dots of technological advancement with negative socio-political outcomes with any real insight or overview, but of course those are right brain functions.  Does it occur to us that we only use a small portion of our brains and that making far-reaching decisions that affect all of humanity might best wait until we've unlocked and explored the capacities of our own inner space?  Short-sighted hubris and ego for days.  This shit is laughable and disheartening at the same time.  Grow the fuck up, Poindexter.  With all of the problems in the world, they're selling this on convenient cyber domestic help?  I think it has just slightly deeper implications for humanity than keeping the carpet clean.  If you don't know what I'm talking about, go back to bean counting, or writing code, or whatever it is you do.  If you have any real intellectual curiosity, try reading something or talking to someone outside of your digital discipline.  Try a philosophy class.  You'll be a puddle of self-doubt inside of a week, unable to prove your own existence.  If you're going to stand on the shoulders of giants, at least survey the field and the history of innovative giants before you call yourself one.  Try to get beyond Jobs and Gates.  True genius spans multiple disciplines and both brain hemispheres.  Ask Einstein or da Vinci.  You're more like some kid who thinks he's a genius 'cause he can crank up the iTunes on his iPhone while wearing his ear-damaging buds, and blissfully sitting on the railroad tracks with his back to an oncoming train.  Just before his mass is rearranged, he reminds himself that he's the smartest boy who ever lived, and by his calculations the future unquestionably belongs to him.  Clean up, aisle stupid.  Can someone hit reset?What a bunch of garbage. The current medical corruption will not allow the cure of disease. The CDC gives people disease to sell drugs. Wake up. The CDC owns 20 patents on vaccines and sell billions of dollars worth every year.
They are not going to cure you. The profit from your illness.all you poor fucks will see the truth real soon. I pray when that time comes God will forgive your sorry assesdont change the true creation...................................bible forbidden thishe hasahahahahaha we're DOOM!!!!!!!!hmmm scary stuff we can self heal anyways so don't go to far guys will y'all?i bet that it's not going to end up the way they think it will...some of this stuff must cost an arm an a legtell yall robot dick suckers what, go ahead and put yalls brain in a tin can. That leaves more human flesh pussy for me! A real video production about the transhumanism movement and progresses needs to be made. This is more fear mongering rubbish and fodder by some religitard for other religitards.An FBI agent on 4chann /pol/ named anon just said on April 27th that Antarctica is being used for transhumanism research.Genetic alteration- unnaturally engineered--destroying the natural by altering that which is pure crafting it into the impure.
Making to become its exact opposite there for literally becoming  the very definition of the word ABOMINATION.    
                     
 Pharma-kia + witchcraft = science  All technology is for man-kinds health, safety, welfare, well being and benefit. So as to have complete con-troll over natural creation itself as well as all things material or spiritual that surround us in this world   So we may be allowed to live all our lives more freely and make our choices with no accountability or responsibility. So all humanity may be able to "Do as thou will" = This is the lie do not trust it.Scientists are developing treatments to stop aging and age-related diseases from even developing, to keep people at their peak health for longer. This crowdfunding platform https://www.lifespan.io is helping the scientists to collect funds for research. Anyone who is interested to get preventive treatments faster can support the research directly!We don't need conscious machines necessarily; what we need is a way of preserving memories and neurons through artificial replacements so that as brain cells gradually die they can be replaced with artificial copies. Once you have that all you need to do is create machines that these new machine minds can power/control; after that you design these machine bodies to be able to survive in even the harshest environments. From there the enhanced post-human species can colonize the solar system then the galaxy; what's the rush in terraforming planets if you can survive on any planet or adapt yourself to any environment? Also overpopulation stops becoming a problem if you could put half the population on Mars and the rest on other planets and moons."the internet is wired like our brains, which is wired like computer models of the dark matter of the universe"- uhh what?? I thought the mystery of dark matter was such a mystery that there are no sufficient computer models. So, how do we know our brains are modeled like dark matter and the internet in turn are modeled on our brains?A little over the top bud. Reel it back a tiny bit and your point will be better taken.Be careful of transhumanist agenda. More difficult to walk the path of Ascension and achieving higher consciousness through Organic means, organic activation of DNA by releasing Ancestral Pain and emotional trauma.Brilliant. Good times - sign me up :)I CAN'T WAIT!I WOULD LOVE TO HEAR WHAT HE HAS TO SAY ABOUT GOVERNMENT , MIND CONTROL ,AND TECHNOLOGY BEING USED BY THOSE AT THE TOP OF THE FOOD CHAIN TO CONTROL THOSE BELOW THEM . POWER AND CORRUPTION IF YOU WILL ? . A PERFECT EXAMPLE WOULD BE THE AUTOMOBILES TODAY AND PEOPLES INABILITY TO EVEN WORK ON THERE OWN VEHICLES WITHOUT A THIRTY THOUSAND DOLLAR COMPUTER. THERE IS SOMETHING TO BE SAID 4 THE BEAUTY OF SIMPLICITY AND SELF SUFFICIENCY. I WOULD LOVE TO HEAR WHAT HE HAS TO SAY ABOUT EVIL IN GENERAL. I DO VERY MUCH RESPECT HIS RESPECT FOR THE " NATURE " OF THINGS . ALIEN TECHNOLOGY WOULD BE ANOTHER NICE TOPIC.I'm all for genetic enhancement but no microchips in me.Meanwhile, we "advanced" humans LET CHILDREN DIE by the thousands every day from lack of fresh water and food. There is zero political will to solve or even adress this. Transhumanism is probably inevitable in some form or another, but if it doesn't come with a huge boost of wisdom, if it's disconnected from nature to the point of becoming that selfish, it can only lead to negative results. 

Technology without wisdom = destruction
Respect nature first, then you may play with itNote that he presupposes evolution, he does not defining the term and he repeats an un-evidenced tall tale from Kurzweil.So full of it!So... What happens when we decide our emotions are inefficient? When immortality is plausible?  Do we just become these weird sentient robotic creatures?  Even before all that, when we create the first Artificial Intelligence that has the ability to transcend us, we have no idea what might happen.  Syncing to a global AI; Uploading and downloading our consciousness...  I think we should be very careful, and not just haphazardly embrace transhumanism.  Nature seems to know what it's doing, but we have a lot of issues.  I'm a little frightened about what could come out of this, but wheeeeeee!That's right.  There's no such thing as unnatural.Transhumanism is already here big time. In a very DARK way.
Research "Morgellons" "Black Goo" "Harald Kautz-Vella"You are awesome.he is fucking confident wierd unlogical  locgicone name. Slavoj Žižeksleeneshthis guy cannot talk for a few minutes without referencing another author. He doesn't have an original thought of his own. Also people who talk so much with their hands tend to be major bullshit artiststranshumanism will fuck our humanity in the ass..transhumanist slam poetry i love itCuckold is another big tactic making you think EXAMPLE: your neighbor lets say is having sex with your wife and such through the smart meter owned and operated by Time Warner and AT$T.Vandee DigitalisIf there is something we are true and sole owners of. It is our own attitudes and emotions. Only me, myself and I have the power to control my own feelings and attitudes. I myself choose to feel stressed out, to feel fear or become upset. God gave us that gift, the gift of choosing for our own selves. Why would God give knowledge to unrighteousness sinners on how to make other humans puppets, robots or whatever you want to call it? God always does everything for a reason. I truly doubt God would allow this experiments to come into existence and succeed. 
God is not in need to permit Satan to use this shady tool to deceive us and thus get into our minds. For that would mean that God would have of stripped us of the gift of choosing and leave us vulnerable to invisible energy waves. Without being able to even fight back with Gods word. It truly doesn't make sense at all.
If I was to believe what you say, then I would have to believe that God changed and is no longer LOVE but EVIL.
THAT IS ABSURD!! 
Seriously get some professional help.
God Bless!Im gonna kill myself with a bomb in some public place ... words can't describe how much i hate this fucking diabolic planetMost of the biggest companies that create this mind control technology do not have a complete understanding of how everything works every aspect of the actual mind control. They as well are compartmentalized not too much different than the Military or Navy. They only see and understand one or a few aspects of the big mind control inventions. Thousands and hundreds of thousands of people contribute to the creation of such mind control weapons such as cell phones from University research to homeless people to real products.Vandee DigitalisNice video, doode.Omnisense is very good in information unlike most conspiracy sites. The psychology as to what they, the Police scientists are doing is also important listed below is one of the biggest control tactics. All they need to know who is you friends, enemies and who you like and the computers will manipulate everything in the subliminal realm and in sleep and make you believe otherwise. Vandee DigitalisReligion is a fairy tale that was designed and implemented by the ancient Romans, for the purpose of mass control. The fictitious character 'God' is just a man-made myth. Get over yourself.Search word;Gangstalking; is the combined strength of; Bonehearing and recording, eyeimplants(iris projections) and a magnetic field inside your brain reading thoughts and create voices and sounds, combine all these factors and the operator can steal your reality and create paranoia and fear. #sleepabduction #hospitalprison #nobodyremembers #stop007 #STOPMKultraTHIS IS THE BEST VIDEO I HAVE SEEN ON THIS SUBJECTThe mind reading technology that infowars talks about has been around for too many years. I don't understand why they are saying developing mind reading technology. Their show caters to almost only white druggies with no education. The mind reading technology is everywhere the newest one is grapheme the nano bee hive shaped material the size of your genetics and is used in all smart cell phones glass screens and now public bus windows as well as most Police vhehicles with dark tinted windows..Vandee DigitalisThese mind control hypnotized states of regression are real memory implants injected into people at a very young age and then they emerge as a real image, voice or feeling but they are inside of ourselves our mind brain memory in neurons so we see a particular person, event or sound such as music a certain fixed way by the first electrical computers years before so as to transform our current perception distorting reality today by looking through the lens of a artificial lie of memory implants thus impeding any possibility of success, freedom and truth.Vandee DigitalisThis mind control is often basically an overlay (a type of perception exactly like putting a glass slide with an image which is your brain between or over a newer image or visual view or memory trigger to control the mind without the help of a computer. Since their is energy everywhere on this planet we are all effected by this with pre-installed perceptions. It is not so much computer radiation as much as a person may think and their is little one can do to change this. It is a life long pattern that usually cannot be broken. It is so we can all be pattern recognition recognized by real computers.Vnade DigitalisTo my fellow ti's, i have mad love for you guys, you are chosen soldiers... You are special and being hunted down by these narcissists in this horrendous beast system. You have perhaps spiritual gifts and sight, there is more to this than just technology I believe. This is a plan to separate the righteous and the corrupt, you are special and cannot be conditioned so easily... You are pure, dont give up... This is a plan that will sort itself out, you have power...WHY FUCKASS MUSIC AGAIN!?What they AT$T are doing is snooping to see who you are your enemies and imputing lie scenarios through the digital in the subliminal realm and making you think they your enemies are plotting against you when they mostly are not! This is AT$T tactic to keep you extreme poverty, mental illness and in trouble with Police.Vandee DigitalisYes it is a Military thing but now it is all automated at least AT&T controls everything now they want to purchase Time Warner a total mind control conglomerate with no way out. The V-for vengeance Guy Fawks mask image is owned by Time Warner now it may be owned by AT&T. Be careful land lines are not safe! The cell phone is actually third in line in controlling people. Vandee DigitalisYou guys are all insane!! Why would the Govt. try to mind control ordinary people like you all and me? 
Come on... Get a job, stop the drugs, you guys think everything revolves around you all. 
Trust me the Government don't give a crap about ordinary everyday middle class citizens, who spend their days commenting on you tube and making ridiculous videos such as this one.
Be proficient, volunteer somewhere, get a part time job or something.
Stop your FAKE AND ABSURD CONSPIRACY THEORIES!! 
LOLi thought everyone in the States had literally just cracked up - starting to realize this crap they are hitting you with is real - am really sorry you are having to go thru this....they also use this to inhibit hybridsthis is getting to the heart of all this crap that we deal with. I pray that all TIs can get led to info like this and others that know the deeper truth. unfortunately most TIs are still running around chasing cars and chasing the rabbit down the rabbit hole. glad I'm not there anymore thanks to videos like this and figuring stuff outEnemy? LOL
Is medical science your enemy? Is a cure for cancer your enemy? Are cures for childhood diseases your enemy? How about the cure for aging? 

We will live on, it is inevitable. Those who wish to die may choose to die, those who wish to live on have the right to do so.I am actually enjoying the good fight. Smile. He won. It is finished. * yeeeeeehaaaawI belive none of the people.who commented understanda the connection between transhumanism  to black joo?!In the vid Kaczynski/Unabomber is mentioned. It was most probably a psy-op. 
A good presentation about this you can find in the book "The Secret Societies and the Psychological Warfare" by Michael A. Hoffman.It is your own bigotry and bias that shall create the "transhuman enemy" you fear so much.
You try to attack and hurt us we will have no choice but to defend ourselves.Listening to these greasy unkept scientists blather on about being "like gods" makes my ovaries cringe and want to hide, forever.Maranatha Yeshua

That dude just described the fulmination of tranhumanism as a birthpain at 34:50, how coincidental. Revelation 12 this September 23rd 2017, look up...Sorry... the angels of heaven do not have cyborg bodies... its nice to be smart as hell... but it is better to have wisdom...
James 1:5 

If any of you lacks wisdom, you should ask God, who gives generously to all without finding fault, and it will be given to you.The atomic bomb, Chernobyl, and Fukushima shows where this will go. I will have no part in it.The last earthly Kingdom is iron mixed with clay, need I say more.Too smart for our own good.Transhumanist here, AMA. As I see it, transhumanism equals overcoming biological limitations. If you use glasses to correct your vision, you're already one of us. We also routinely overcome our natural biology in terms of health. Many diseases and ailments have been cured and ameliorated, which we often take for granted. As we master more biotechnologies we will be able to make ourselves smarter, healthier, and happier. I respect and appreciate my life and want the most I can get out of it, so this desire flows naturally from that. Plus, I see us as already well down the road. If you want to be like an Amish person, no one's stopping you. But things do change.Who appointed these creeps who live inside their labs to lead the rest of us and determine what is best for humankind.  I did not sign up for this.  People give away our power so easily without challenging those making decisions that affect our future.  Very sad.Why are those Christians preaching the wrath of God, aren't they supposed to be preaching the good news gospel of salvation ???You do it again Nicholson1968! I pray u reach them quickly times short! God has shown me so much! I pray he shows u too!You're music is too loud can't hear what you are saying. If it is important turn the volume down!!!!fools playing around with pandoras box...they have eyes and do not see, yea they have ears and do not hear...whoever makes them... shall become like them....have you ever thought we are all  ready in the machine and this will set us free ,,,perspective is endless , just depends upon your point of view , whats possible for you , what about the points of view you dont even know about ,or are even capable of considering , due to it potentially taking you out of your perceived comfort zone , how have you been taught ? how have you been made to believe in this or that ,,,,,i know one thing getting into this emotional fear based shouting and projection of your own personal beliefs ,,,is not going to prepare you at all ,,,whats done will be again , there's nothing new under the suntranshumanists are not the enemy. primitivism, superstition and xenophobia are the enemy. transhumanism is not evil. evil people are evil. this is a technology, a knowledge. with knowledge comes responsibility. the more humanity knows, the more responsible mankind thus becomes for its choices in how we use this new knowledge. that is all. it is simple. I am all for genetic transhumanism, as we need to become more intelligent, and make ourselves more immune to deadly diseases, radiation, etc. I do not wish to merge myself with machines as genetics holds the key to endless potential for good, and yes, for evil as well. that is true with all knowledge. to the religious I say, even your bible, Quran, etc can be used for evil, for terrorism, etc. or it can be used to encourage morality. do not fear change, just consider being moral and ethical in the way these technologies are used. use it wisely with good intentions.video @ 24:36 technology( and so called advancement) is what has caused the earth so many problems in the first place..so your telling me technology is the answer? no thank you.."Leftism is in the long run inconsistent with wild nature, with human freedom and with the elimination of modern technology. Leftism is collectivist; it seeks to bind together the entire world (both nature and the human race) into a unified whole. But this implies management of nature and of human life by organized society, and it requires advanced technology. You can't have a united world without rapid transportation and communication, you can't make all people love one another without sophisticated psychological techniques, you can't have a "planned society" without the necessary technological base."
"The conservatives are fools: They whine about the decay of traditional values, yet they enthusiastically support technological progress and economic growth. Apparently it never occurs to them that you can't make rapid, drastic changes in the technology and the economy of a society without causing rapid changes in all other aspects of the society as well, and that such rapid changes inevitably break down traditional values."
Ted Kaczynski, Industrial Society and Its FutureAwww look at the human flailing at the death of his species. :) so cute. Go


I'.luI've already initiated Phase 2.  Targets acquired.  LOL.

How about talking on the radio only when you're not hopped up on Bigot brand steroids, as you seem to be here.It's ironic how Alex would wave the torch and pitchfork at pretty much anyone over the need for radical change, but deny mankind's evolution. We are headed into a world where man is increasingly released from his mortal constraints and liberated to unleash his individual potential. However Alex' contrarian attitude, causes him to rail against that vision just the same - or rather, he can't see it. Hes spent so long yelling at people to open their eyes that he never thought to open his own. Not only is this not a planned conspiracy, it is an inevitable development of not just our species, but of life. And we can either go all in and try to keep hold of the reigns, or start this pedantic infighting at a time when humanity is finally acquiring the power to literally destroy Earth.LOL.   THIS guy is an embarrassment to Americans  I wish more of us were actually scientific literate.   Arguing from ignorance while being belligerent only make you look stupid.     New dark age?More like the second renaissance.Oh man, Alex Jones already deserves a Nobel Prize for Insanity for his lifes work but this monologue is most definitely his greatest masterpiece of WTF??!?!?!?!The entire eugenics stance makes absolutely NO sense to people who are actually trying to PROLONG life by extending humanities longevity and who are also trying to bring it to everyone. I hope one day scientific illiteracy and stupidity will soon be a thing of the past.There is nothing evil about transhumanism. Eventually there will be a time when we reach a posthuman condition, and the human species as we know it will not exist, excluding the few people who choose not to evolve. If you wish to remain a subspecies then fine, but there is a need to increase the human condition to a godlike status, of super intelligence, a lifespan of thousands of years, the ability to backup our consciousness on a computer, and so on.This guy is very ignorant and knows nothing about modern science or future engineering. His target audience is people like you who watch fuck dynasty.  Transhumanism is inevitable and if your neighborhood kids are superior, you will demand your children have thr same.   I hate this ignorant fear mongering loudmouthThis has got to be one of the stupidest videos I've ever seen...Wait what? This guy is delusional. I don't understand how a mature adult could be speaking like this. Seriously? You believe that a group of people are trying to take over this world? Seriously? It's that easy? Alex Jones, you view this world too easily. You don't see how this world is so complicated. You view this world negatively and too simply. Go hug your kids and go to the parks with them. Your show is very entertaining and thought provoking. It's like a science fiction channel for me. I'm sure you do this to make bucks but man this is so ignorant.Well. I can tell you that this rambling ediot as some of you call him has opened my eyes on all these goverment cover ups executive orders and other cap and distractions goverment has been doing to us for hundreds of years. Exposing the bad goverment. I would love to personaly thank him for exposing all the gmos and virues that are purposely put there to dumb s down and kill us slowly the entire time while we try to survive and guide our children to health and prosperity. Since i was introduced to alex jone i have been healthier. My mind has been opened to reality. And realize that how we live now. Is not. Good. At all When the cognition amplifying viruses are released Jones will take a big lung full of modified air and realise what a fool he has been. Ya know, I used to actually listen to this guy, now he's just as bat shit as the rest of the Reich Wing.dumbfuck.is this guy some kind of internet stand up oh no hes for realspot on. peace of Christ over all now and forever amen and amen I can certainly agree on one thing with Sasha. He is dumbed down. But in today´s information age it is more of a choice.
 Funny how he laughs at this idea that we, as transhumanists, want to create "heavenly Valhalla" (or die trying) but on the other side thinks - as a christian, that he´s gonna live forever after his death.
 What a tool."Also it causes all, both small and great, both rich
 and poor, both free and slave, to be marked on the 
right hand or the forehead, so that no one can buy 
or sell unless he has the mark, that is, the name of the beast 
or the number of its name. This calls for wisdom: let the one who has 
understanding calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of
 a man, and his number is 666."

- Revelation 13, 16-18

This man is an advocate of the DEVIL.ANARCHO-TRANSHUMANISTS BTFOAll hail ZoltanBojler eladó!Did Sam Harris' Ted Talk inspire the first transhuman presidential candidate?Each year, Deus Ex becomes more of a reality.He really mischaracterizes left-libertarianism.

Left-libertarianism isn't about being on the line between "Democrat" and "Libertarian," or "liberal" or "progressive" and "libertarian." Left-libertarianism is a master node for a whole range of sub-node libertarian schools of thought that is characterized broadly by an egalitarian view of property rights (to varying degrees), whereasright-libertarianism asserts that individuals have full property rights over everything justly acquired. It encompasses everything from Geolibertarians (who have a Georgist/Geoist view on property rights to land, natural resources, and the broader Earth) to Libertarian Socialists like Noam Chomsky (who are essentiallly Anarcho-Syndicalists) to left-wing market anarchists to people who favor some redistribution based on ethical arguments (like Philippe Van Parijs.) 

Now, it is certainly conceivable for a left-libertarian to fall on the line between Democrat/Libertarian or Liberale/Libertarian on the Nolan Chart when responding to certain policy questions. But they could also fall in the Center, they could fall quite firmly in the libertarian segement at the top, or they could even fall more in the liberal category. It depends on how they come at it.I felt a crushing blow when I heard that he had no accent.I would warn people away from this stuff ive known about Transhumanism for awhile i would just say "Dont play God, it never ends well".If you have an issue or idea, and you want to get it out there in the public sphere, I guess you run for president.It is a hurbis against the Creation for which humanity would pay dearly, if humans are foolish enough to follow this path!My favorite party!Oh come on Zoltan, there is no real enemy, wars are created by our monetary-leaders (ZioNazis) and they already have AI. They are the ones in the supernatural realm, spirits that talk to them and tells them what to do next. Besides my Hungarian friend, what's the use of a heart that can go on indefinitely if your mind/soul already left the body, .. huh? Our bodies would walk around without a mind/soul, like robots, .. or zombies. Oh yeah, .. that's the idea right; AI robots to walk the earth, with a chip (like in your hand) dictating what they should do and say. The main objective: "OBEY", .. lol. OK Big-Brother! Wait, are you working with the IBM "Blue Brain Project's" Sci-Fientists? With your artificial organs and their 'artificial brain', hey, the evolution into Post-human is already here!Okay listen up you primitive screwheads it's time you get squared away. People in the: Army are soldiers, Marine Corps are marines, Navy are sailors, Air Force are airmen, and Coast Guard are either guardsmen or coasties if you want to bust their balls.This half-smart twat will end the Human race faster than anyone else. Evolution dickhead. Just found my least favourite candidate.Transhumanism
Its agenda is to displace humans from the natural world into a man-made simulated world(an adversarial world/anti-nature). Man will become enslaved inside a simulated world(global network). This is the goal of global government(total control). It is slowly happening; we are accepting the incremental steps into our lives. There will come a time when a man can’t distinguish between the natural world and the simulated one(s). There exists the real possibility of literally losing control of your mind. This tech in the hands of an authoritarian power is beyond dangerous. Beware. 

José Manuel Rodriguez Delgado

Delgado's research interests centered on the use of electrical signals to evoke responses in the brain. His earliest work was with cats, but he later did experiments with monkeys and humans, including psychiatric patients.[3][4]

Much of Delgado's work was with an invention he called a stimoceiver, a radio which joined a stimulator of brain waves with a receiver which monitored E.E.G. waves and sent them back on separate radio channels. Some of these stimoceivers were as small as half-dollars. This allowed the subject of the experiment full freedom of movement while allowing the experimenter to control the experiment. This was a great improvement from his early equipment which included implanted electrodes whose wires ran from the brain to bulky equipment that both recorded data and delivered the desired electrical charges to the brain. This early equipment, while not allowing for a free range of movement, was also the cause of infection in many subjects.[5]

The stimoceiver could be used to stimulate emotions and control behavior. According to Delgado, "Radio Stimulation of different points in the amygdala and hippocampus in the four patients produced a variety of effects, including pleasant sensations, elation, deep, thoughtful concentration, odd feelings, super relaxation, colored visions, and other responses." Delgado stated that "brain transmitters can remain in a person's head for life. The energy to activate the brain transmitter is transmitted by way of radio frequencies."[6]

Using the stimoceiver, Delgado found that he could not only elicit emotions, but he could also elicit specific physical reactions. These specific physical reactions, such as the movement of a limb or the clenching of a fist, were achieved when Delgado stimulated the motor cortex. A human whose implants were stimulated to produce a reaction were unable to resist the reaction and so one patient said “I guess, doctor, that your electricity is stronger than my will”. Some consider one of Delgado's most promising finds is that of an area called the septum within the limbic region. This area, when stimulated by Delgado, produced feelings of strong euphoria. These euphoric feelings were sometimes strong enough to overcome physical pain and depression.[2]Wait, you have a trans humanist candidate for the presidency. This is news for an foreigner, or am I dreaming?You want the borg? This is how you get the borg.Zoltan?, let me guess he has a secret mountain base in Switzerland and fight superman on a weekend. 

trying to politicise science to overcome your fear of death is irrational  ,hate to tell you this bro but death is an inevitability we all have to face, you cannot escape death only evade it for a time.you just signed your soul over to the devil with the mark of the beastFuckers! They should all be shot and all labs that lead to this blown up to oblivion. Stupid stupid no life sheeple just can't grasp propaganda and organized genocide...I am a amputee and I would NEVER ask for this blasphemy to be put on my body. If the good lord seen it fit that my life and body be altered, then I will be just fine with it till my last day on earth. This is truly the devils work, we are not like God, we are only made in his image. It states in Genesis that we shall not become like God. This will ruin our relationship with biology and understanding.I don't feel any need to be upgraded, I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Praise the Lord!I'm open to anything that will make me smarter faster or stronger I see nothing wrong with it.If they do this, these 'things', where is the consciousness? Empathy? Love? You can't program that. It's given by the grace of God. We will be surrounded by murderous, unfeeling versions of Data from StarTrek NTG! It's scary to even think about and they are already doing it in my opinion. By the time they tell us about it they already have it perfected that's  why it only takes moments from when we here between them having ' prototypes '.Kick  asss vid bro... thanksRevelation 13:15 The second beast was given power to give breath to the image of the 
first beast, so that the image could speak and cause all who refused to 
worship the image to be killed.

I mite see this in my life time?The 12ft basketball player already exists.I hope people understand they all ready have these technologies.When they say they just started remember there technology is 25 to 30 advanced.When u hear it they all ready have it.They have things that would blow r minds.They r getting u ready for it talk show Hollywood.Scary times not if ur saved.Great videoThe coming singularity, namely the merging of man and machine could very likely be the great delusion, which God warns us of. 

"And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie: 
That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness."They had Nasa faces when the kid asked the question.Trying to reprogram bacteria to do your bidding, they say a little knowledge is dangerous. It's not like something could go wrong and there be unintended consequences.We will all be witness to God intervening when this happens. You make great content I really appreciate your videos.any solutions
suggestions 
all these mentions
of human beings trahison'
the surety on activity 
we are just commodities 
meat
isn't that  neat...if this is out on video now, you better believe they are way beyond that!!!   it makes me sick.  playing God...  thank you, nicholson!!!!merry Christmas Nicholson. God bless u and your familythis is so demonicwhat is the last movie?what was the movie you featured toward the end?your work is awesome★Wow Amazing Report Thank-you! ★The Island Movie →★Describes What The Child At The Beginning Is Talking About →★Boston Children's, ★Florida Children's, ★Los Angeles Children's, ★Phoenix Children's Hospitals Have All Been 3D Printing Children's Heart's Since At Least 3-11-11 When Fukushima Japan's Nuclear Plant's Meltdown Started ★Children Across America Are Born With CHERNOBYL HEART ★Doctors Are Under Gag Orders Not To Mention Ionizing Radiation Mutation ★Parent's Are Told It's A Genetic Problem*Dalek*............All I hear is "health problems this heath problems that. You want to be healthy? Simple. STOP EATING FCKING CHEESEBURGERS AND GO FOR A FCKING JOG!!Dear David Knight, how else do you guarantee rights other than organized government (at whatever level - local, state, federal, etc.)?

If you're looking for a magic man in the sky to guarantee anything, you're going to be terribly disappointed.  Cuz that shit ain't real, okay?I agree with Zoltan on most fronts, but I'm not so sketchy about AI as he is. Yes, if we make a mistake it could go wrong and we need to be careful. But I am willing to drop my ego as the top intelligence on earth for the sake of creating something better. Much like a newborn baby, an intelligence would learn from what we give it. I also think that we could create an intelligence that bonds with it's creators like a child to a parent. If we do things right and responsibly and treat an AI as we would our own flesh and blood, I think an intelligence that was smarter than us would be grateful for it's creation, like a human, and assist us in reaching a level of intelligence on par with it's own. Why destroy humanity when an AI has the power to educate instead and make us better?

I mean, my dog isn't as smart as I am, but if I could make it talk and have a conversation with me, I would. All we need is to create an AI that feels the same way.If I were Zoltan, it'd be hard for me not to laugh during the part where the guy peddles his alchemy potions.If we could get all the liberal environmentalists to disappear into a machine, the rest of us could get on with our lives. Go Transhumanism!Lmaoff his face when he said chip. ClassicMaybe i get chipped if my body can be immune to any threatMust be nice to be that confident in a spiritual reality.  At least he won't be disappointed when he is zeroed out annihilated because he won't know he was wrong but he gets to live not worrying.No transhumanism is not the future it's synthetic humans check this person fb page out.
https://www.facebook.com/SyntheticHumanGenomeImmortalityProject/Resistance is futile. You will be assimilated.That guy is so scared of the federal government.  cuckoo for cocoa puffs.  Conspiracy people are so strange.There was no debate. It was more like a disscution/interview.
That title makes it look like they're against each other.Why not have a ring instead of a chip?Zoltan Istvan 2016Zoltan pretty clearly said "Christian fundamentalists" but then David reacted as though Zoltan had simply said "Christians"better title would be Old Man Stating Facts From 100 Years Ago Vs Chill AF Guyi would so vote for zoltan if i were an american but unfortunately i'm european. if i had the required social skills i'd become a politician myself here in the netherlands to promote transhumanistic views. i agree there is a very dangerous potential for governments and religions to try to control the mortality of people. likewise, lifespan expanding technologies should never be forced upon those who have objections to it. that is why the right to euthenasia is equally important as the right to take experimental treatment if one so chooses. i.e. for situations where it is either option a) take a new heart made from your own stemcells in a lab or option b) die. option b would be the same as euthenasia. some might have a religious value that they were made as they were and shouldn't temper with "god s design" while that same person also has the desire to go to heaven believing they would be denied access to it if they die due to their own actions or neclegance of actions (aka suicide or synonymously euthenasia). so i gather that if these technologies are publicly accessible, christians are having a huge internal delemma apart from the interpersonal ones1 the belief or theory that the human race can evolve beyond its current physical and mental limitations, especially by means of science and technology. the google itshelf disc.
2 Transhumanism (abbreviated as H+ or h+) is an international and intellectual movement that aims to transform the human condition by developing and making widely available sophisticated technologies to greatly enhance human intellectual, physical, and psychological capacities. the wiki disc
 sounds really good thou? NO I DONT THINK SO thank you for info, to look at your videos my computer messes up20262030!? You mean now right? Don't start telling people it's happening in the distant future, otherwise I think you're a little outdated my friend. I support some of your research and theories otherwise... But it's here already, they just want to integrate it so it's near unnoticeable to the majority.. Cheers2045.comAnyone ever seen the island that's the sort of technology that'll eventually come to light.Borg, that will be the death of the human promiseCristians, Muslims, Satanists, Budists and all other human, i send you this messege. THEY WANT TO MAKE THIS WORLD THEIR OWN.. WAKE UP.Dave u inspire ppl
what u doin is magnificent

thank u a lot!Half human, or half man/woman? . The half machine theory is bogus!!! They want brain dead transsexuals running the machines that we have invented !!!!How to go back to Heaven. 
The gospel and the everlasting gospel. 
https://youtu.be/2xCTRcO5M7kI'm wary of this guy. All he does is give a commentary as things develop. there's been no change or revolution. and after all these years we're that much closer to all the transhuman reality as it gets sneaked in.Just put out a song called "Afraid of the Future" that covers this topic..
Would really appreciate it if you checked it out on my channel..
Subscribe if you enjoy!Only real meditation which is the movement of the mind beyond the limited human consciousness, not all that method guru nonsense, can free the individual from technology which in essence is what consciousness is even in its' subtlest forms and is thereby prey to these dark forces that use man. What they're doing is taking the principles that they've used to control man through organized religion and science and whatever existed in prehistory to another level of consciousness in which they're trying to transcend man's limited awareness and ability to resist through intuition and insight so that we're total passive slaves to our own negation. Hope is always the carrot used to deceive man, the idea that something wonderful comes out of the structure of thought imposed by external forces and perpetuated in fear and self in each individual, give up this idea of hope rooted in self-consciousness then the magnetic pull of the deceiver who offers nothing but desolation behind the facade of evolution, progress or heaven will lose its' power.SMART= Satan Must Activate Reality TechnologyThe New World Order is very dangerous !The only people who say "nature is better" are people who know absolutely nothing about living in natureThis is already being tested. The war in Iraq was the testing groundTranshumanism is a way to take the body into an evolved vehicle.  But who's vehicle?   That's the question?   Could be these things that you say  'what you focus on your become'.   You keep stating that what you focus on you become, and you focus on reptillians possessing all the time.    Decades of telling people to focus on something and they open to become it... or a vehicle to it so it takes over dominantly.  I watched Icke's recent vid saying what you focus on you become, over and over.  ... just in time for transhumanism to transform the vehicle that these  ''things''  take posession of through overly focusing upon.itsssssnoeeeeewwwwniceeee.42: Zoltan talks about stem cells. He forgets to mention, that once Bush ban was introduced, new method of stem cells production was discovered, eleminating ethical considerations. Its typical trnashumanist drivel what this guy does. He has mouth full of "quesions about ethics" but what he really means is that ethics is in way of what he wants to do, so fuck it. Ive been observing this movement since years-they are the next regressive left. Im sorry.Bring on the genetically-modified mosquitoes! Make them disease-free and cut the buzzing noise and thirst for human blood while you're at it.Dave, thank you so much for having Zoltan on your show. This has been by far my favourite episode. Absolutely loved it. I have been fascinated with transhumanism and longevity (and science) for a very long time and I definitely believe that they are issues that politicians cannot ignore any longer. Want to know what I'd do if I could alter my body? heehee....I'd link my brain to a clone of my own brain and maybe build a second me and connect them so that I could have two of me! That way, I'd achieve twice as much in a day! Hey, why stop at 2?  haha.Did Zoltan say why stop at 2 penises?Government had ideas with chips to track americans.. yeah that can be twisted.Hey, driver-less cars will mean that us libertarians (well, I am not against licenses haha) can stop arguing about the necessity of of having a driving license...problem solved!  :pI love this beautiful basted.I think Zoltan is cool.I want a second penis !! yeah right , opss, but that must come with a Vagina attachedI would like to grow a penis on my forehead.Interesting to discuss exactly how you can create something more intelligent than the creator. If you think about it you have to code the intelligence thus its as intelligent as we are at best. We can not even do that currently. Sadly the economy and liberty is his downfall. A few medical issues he is offbase also but I can handle that. Do I see these people in power in my lifetime? Probably not, they have to brush up on their weaker areas to understand them and the name is not a good look for the brand to sell the idea mainstream. But still a interesting discussion and ideas.Love your show Dave!Shadowrun/Ghost In The Shell is Coming! Also the whole age and long life thing makes me think of the latest Gundam Series. G-Tekketsu/Gundam Iron blooded Orphans. The wealthy can extend their lives to 200+ years while the poor still have around 100+. Alongside numerous Man-Machine Interfaces.The universal access to transhumanist technology is going to be very important to legislate, because if people can make an AIDS drug like 400x more expensive overnight without good reason, they can certainly do the same if they patent whatever lets people live virtually forever. Of course you also want to avoid the problem with, for instance, baby formula, where the big brands (at least in the store I work in) cost around $17 for a can that weighs a pound or less that no one buys without WIC.There are of course no risks! :D
And nuclear technology is safe as hell, too.This guy is a quack.What Zoltan is not coming clean about is that the devices he is talking about is to Mind Control mankind, that is already happening and many people are being tortured, and all the Transhumanism is nothing but a way to live forever, the globalist and morons like this are knuckleheads who are all about greed and control, we call them psychopaths. Look Up NSA CIA the Gov't has already planned and executed these devices, and many people are victimized by them. The AI artificial Intelligence is the Beast system.satan church =life extension science and technology is a long game.  exploiting science and technology is the short game politics is interested in.  you will not even get this on the table to discuss in an election at least not these sort of horizons.  

this guy having a chip is embarassing tech version of a tattoothis guy is a quack.. back up the crazy train people are worried about taxes. not this junkAs soon as I heard the name Aquino, my thoughts went right to her father. Holy crap, talk about your Pentagon Satanist.Awesome Video..Have you watched Harold Kultz Vella His videos on Black Goo Will Blow Your Mind....Brotherly love! God bless you bothGreat workI absolutely love and adore ODD channel and worksI'm already a sub  of his channel. Good video.I've subbed cause obviously U are On the same wave length.... keep up the Great WorkNice videoODD TV… Is a great guy I love his work! I can't wait for you guys to be on Richie!!!Who else came from ODD's I AM videoYour theory of the mark of the beast makes perfect since. I've heard alot of different beliefs conerning the meaning of scripture and yours is just fasinating. I'm gratefully appreciate of your channel Sir. All Glory to Our Heavenly Father in Jesus name!english royals lol prince will i am but i not think he is the fallan 1 lots do the devilexcellent research!  scary stuffthe movie CHAPPiEwill i am, transhumanism (13 letters) westworld all of just more satanic bullshit. Why are we glorifying their bullshit? They are evil beyond comprehension. FILTHwow yeah a bit much for me to chew on
Im not going to lie I pray I die before that totally and completly manifest I still have FreeWill To Choose 
And I Choose Death.. Thats not how I Wish to continue my Identityyou should do a part two speaking about the new age movement connection to I Am and witch craftBUG OUT BAG TIME=GREAT VIDEOS=KEEP THEM AWAKE,,Excellent video, very informative, good job GOD is a Giant. Why would GOD be short or small? You all worship the Devil the fathe of all lies. You are deceived and the tattooed ones will not comprehend.GREAT VIDEO!! GOD IS SO GREAT!Genetic Evil! Shame on you lucifer! You had it all you stupid Bastard! Your time on Earth is short. May The Most High Yahweh Destroy you, and all your lucifer followers here on earth! which are many.Great video ...thanks for the shout out.I need more clean underwear, my pile just ran out!I'm waking up my righteous and destroying the evil ones.I've been saying for years that people are looking in the wrong place for the antichrist.  it's a system that will infiltrate the church NOT a temple rebuilt in Israel.  Christ said WE are the holy place the temple of God.  He's coming back to judge his church and destroy the wicked.  the church is so deceived and apostate.  He said, come out of her my people!  the 501c3 churches are going to fall and his witnesses (elect) are going to rise to speak his truth with power and annointing.  Sept. 23rd 2017 the Rev. 12 sign will align and the dragons tail will sling the stars to earth.  Get ready people, we're in for a ride.  Lord be with us!! Make sure you're sealed in Christ and you are not marked by the beast system. Really good time for the truthTRUTH, the new hate speech, speak the truth and people will hate you, so I guess we will be hated, Oh well, so was Jesus, GOD Bless, RichardThe Devils concentration camps that i'm trying to escape from. I want to grow my fruits and vegetables and trees.The opening trump is extremely annoying and even hurts my ears.

I have to turn your videos down then back up to watch.WTFH is with the Pope? Is that hypnotic control or something? That's bizarre. Seems like he's wearing the "Je-SUIT". Yikes. We're fucked.excellent well worth the time to view....A link to that pastor and the lady with her interview on the reports would be of great help for further study.....I did like the pastor...rare is one that speaks of current spiritual truths of today's events....great job! thank you....i fully believe that transhumanism is the mark of the beast. putting tech into your body of flesh is replacing God that dwells within. i realize that it is seeking eternal life through the use of technology. also i realize that by doing this, once the switch is flipped, those whom accept this mixing of iron with clay, will no longer have control over themselves. and i kind of think that those who accept this will have some sort of an understanding of this to a degree. they will probobly be fooled into allowing the tech to control some functions, but in the end, all functions will be under the control of an artificial intelligence and the soul will no longer be able to dwell within the body. 

so.e peopleare scared that this will be forced upon them. this couldnt be farther from the truth. you will have to accept it on your own volition. and judging by the hype and demand for tech, i assume many upon many will be more than happy to line up for it like they already do when a new iphone comes out. 

those of us that will not accept it, myself included, will be few. but i stand with God, and i know i will be taken care of. 

God bless you all. and thank you for the information. keep spreading the good word. You are truly doing the work of God.thanks friendthey are twisting the truth just as Satan wouldAnd transgenders are just baphomet it's crazy they can't procreate and people whom can have children just promote this duality and wrong sinful ways . Sad. The Bible says people will follow false and strange doctrineBuzz the head bald, and take the antenna apart.Good God, all of Media is Brain dead and bent on Agenda pushing.National Geographic Is so transparent with their agenda.  All free thinking humans need to resist this psychological assault.Next to Satan, we need to give the 13 most power families the credit for all of this.......Can you say ROTHSCHILD?!Please help this channel continue to expose The New World Order by fighting against youtube censorship and becoming a Patron. www.patreon.com/acallforanuprisingThat is one glorious bowl cut thoughThe Lord Jesus bless u brother , I like ur videos allThe idea of transhumanism itself is inherently good to humankind. It improves human mind and body. But the one they are pushing forward now will likely lead to disaster because human body and mind are extremely complex that the current or near future technology couldn't possibly recreate them. If they do recreate them and put them on, it will make them insane and off balance as their intricate physiological system will be forcedly synthesized with simple, cartoonish structure. Another reason it will be a disaster is that the mind and body created by humans will be subject to direct manipulation by engineers under elites who want to steer the world in the way they desire. People will easily be manipulated and overseen by remote controls. Makes possible something much worse than Orwellian nightmare.This channel is great to expose the elites!! btw guys.. if u wanna read some article about exposing the elites i recommend u should visit vigilantcitizen.comThis is crazy. Wow. I can't believe this shit is happening. Like really? People are that stupid. My former roommate sister told me how in her college course they spoke of the RFID implanted inside of us. I know I cursed but this is really crazy. God is real and people need to wake up to Jesus Christ the True Living and Savior. Amazon is going to project the first cashless market and we have already a cashless bridge. So we are moving toward it bc they promote cashless purchasingTransgenderism is completely different from trans humanism. I'd accept trans humanism before I ever accept such an atrocity as transgenderismWell done brother God bless you too! Romans 1:22-28 in the last days we'll see lots of transhumans and transgenders. Remember it will be like in the days of Lot. Now we see a lot of transgenders, but soon we'll see lots of transhumans too.You don't have eyes to see the pro-black power, anti-white agenda being pushed on that first "Nat Geo" "New Human" magazine cover? At the back is an ape then a caveman then a white man then a black woman? The black woman is the face of the high-tech human future while the white man just fades back to an ape? You're worried about Trans Humanism when you'd better wake up to the White Genocide taking place and the rise Islam being pushed by the Anti-Whites. Perhaps your TV worship has made you blind??fuck that you ignorant bastards can't stop science or evolutionim glad i dont have cable, i dont watch tv either.it's so disturbing how normal and revolutionary people actually think it is to change your DNA... To give up eternal life with our Lord God and Jesus Christ.. READ A BIBLE PEOPLE. THIS IS GETTING WORSE BY THE SECOND. I AM SO FEARFUL FOR MY CHILDREN'S SOULS.love your passion and i agree "dumbed down society"....so sad.....but you did give me a good laugh re: his bowl cutthanks for great video as alwaysthank You!  I say this all the time, we have lost the ability to know how to live outside the controlled slave system.  we have no skills to survive at all outside the system and even if we had the skills, the laws are in place to prevent it.  we cannot farm, hunt, or build for ourselves.   all jobs are slavery making money for corporations while we earn enough to just go to grocery stores and buy geo modified food, go back home and watch brain controlling television and play mind controlling games or spend time self worshipping on Facebook.  no wonder everybody is on drugs, we are all miserable.  this is not what God wants for his children.what do you exect us to do with al this info? Not trying to be rude, just curious, what are we supposed to do about it?Escape? Naaa, trap themselves? Yep.Hey Rich..i hope you read this..i stumbled upon your vids...WOW..and ThanksI have noticed the nice cool weather, it's weird right. It's almost the tunnel's anniversary, I wonder if they are going to have a creepy party♥Ikr Elon was so against ai, wth happened to him♥It's all happening....scary and exciting. Thank you for keeping us informed RFB!!!My phone has failed many times I would never implant a permanent electronic anything, could you imagine? your talking to your friends and then all of a sudden sparks start to come out of your ears? plus where does the charger plug into?On Netflix there's a show called black mirror and it has all kinds of implants that go into the eyes and have Facebook and stuff like that built in they record memories and the government can even control what you see and other senses. It gives a very good depiction of what I believe is to come.Regret I ever brought children into this dump.Richie, I warn my family, share ya stuff on Facebook, do they listen, hell no, they think I'm crazy, they say I'm developing dementia. I give up, sheep, all of them. I tried.There ain't no hiding place from the father of creation ....... Bob MarleyThey won't escape.Transhumanism in only for the goyim. The jews/elites(Same thing) will be eating healthy, enjoying life to the fullest, while you all chase ghosts(Illuminati, Bilderberg, freemasons, aliens, Satanists). The real problem stems from the jews. Not some jews. All jews.When people realize when the fall of the angel was (before the creation of earth. Satan was the serpent in the garden of Eden).  Then and only then can they understand the true nature of earth in God's creation.  It's all about forgiveness.  And nobody notices.  ♥️Why don't you give a link to the article?duhhhh chip underskin mark of beast....no one escapes, they are just afraid to burn so they will try anything to stay alivenope they won`t they will all be killed off they can`t and won`t get away they are pawn too which that out lived there useok I get that people don't see things like this on their own, but when people like you point these things out, and put the puzzle together piece by piece and they still don't see it what is going t o happen to them I am so afraid for them all but when I try to tell them things, things they can see with their own eyes as in look up people. idk I guess what i'm saying is for me Thank Youi Richie for all you do for ME. peace outsorry RFB you didn't do a cross country whatever because it has been sunny in Chicago,they will try to flee'Technocalypse'As it was in the days of Noah so it shall be in the end. There gonna give us a snake like quality, you heard the psycho bitch.CRISPR!!!!Esau is the end of the world....if your awaken you know what I'm talking aboutFuture World TechnologysMaybe if all goes according to plans...but Nature has a way once in a while to remind us to think carefully before making giant steps too quickly, before having a truly complete understanding of cause and effect ...and side effect. Things do not necessarily move in a forward way, sometimes they tend to bend out of shape. We are not advanced enough yet, we don't even master what once was called "string" theory, we are not so certain why or how the big bang happened and many other things. Our consciousness of ourselves and our universe is not complete yet. We are not ready yet for that kind of jump, we are not stable enough for that. They sound like children when they want it now, no matter what. All advancement would be taken and used primarily for military purpose, than economical considerations will come into play. Access to the technology only for the very rich, not the better suited, more intelligent or adapt but the richer will get it. Create a new class, have and have not etc. etc. we all know the rest. We are not ready, in so many ways. That "artist" talking in the video is there to confirm what we still are.Millions of nerves and so on is connected between head and body, how did they get to connect all? Considering they are hardly visible. 
A body without soul is not alive even if the cells are live. I saw the full documentary about monkey transplant and few minutes after the operation the two monkeys were dead.Natasha Vita is an animalNo one cares about a Versace body design lmao get to being able to live for a prolonged period of time. I don't want all this progress I've made thus far to be in vain when I die. I want to keep learning without worrying about time. Why can't I avoid time. Time. Time. Time. FUCK TIME. Playing God. How will mankind reproduce if the Original Humans die off and every remaining Human is a Synthetic ?THE MIND  IS STRANGE.... HAVING 4 GRANDMA SEIZURES IN ONE YEAR AND WITH EACH ONE I LEFT THE BODY AND THAN CAME BACK.... WHERE I WENT NO RECALL... THE MIND, THE KNOWLEDGE IS NOT  THOUGHT, SMELL OR TOUCH.  THE BODY FUNCTION..KEEPING THE MIND FLOWING WITH BLOOD.  BUT ONCE THE THOUGHTS OF AWARENESS IS GONE. IS  THAT PERSON ALIVE.  I WAS GONE FOR A GOOD 10 MINUTE .
  EACH GRANDMA SEIZURES HAS BECOME AWARE DIFFERENTLY WAKENING UP,  AND THE MEDICATION OPEN A VORTEX IN THE MIND. AND ALLOW OTHER ENMITY TO REACT,  SO WAS MY BRAIN ALTER???That cat did not look happy. Poor kitty. They should do their research on humans. those brain dishes were creepy  just a neural network alone doing that  ...They're gonna find out real quick about the ghost in the machine, once it reveals who it is.Think about all of the movies that you have seen about the elite in control of the human race ask yourself has there it  ever been for the good of man kind no it has only been good for the elite they get to control and call the shots while enslaving you. People it is no longer a fairytail or a hollyweird movie it here and it now and it is very real wake up before it is too late.This is a great elitist concept - reserved only for those with a strong hold on resources.Video was cool other than the fact a scientist speaks in french for like two minutes with no subtitles.mental orgasm at 43:14people have to be careful if to many people completely  got rid of all there organic body parts where is the new life going to come from if there is no sperm no fertile eggs no new life no new artists scientists explorers soldiers you could practicely erase the person who would one day cure cancer but I will replace many body parts if the technology comes to pass and if I live that longthis would help us in adapting to other planets or space travel in my opinion.21:29 - 21:36 6 months ago, thus this video is from ~ May 2010.Fear motivated technological advancement [If we don't do it they will] will be our ultimate downfall. Fear leads to deception like Monsanto suppressing negative research results to protect their profits. As long as profit is the bottom line and not human health any technological advancement will be corrupted.Isn't this one of the reason Atlantis was destroyed?John 14:6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me. John 17:17 Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth. Psalm 33:4 For the word of the LORD is right; and all his works are done in truth. 6 By the word of the LORD were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth. Mark 16:15 And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. 1 Corinthians 9:16 For though I preach the gospel, I have nothing to glory of: for necessity is laid upon me; yea, woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel! The King James Bible is 100% Truth! Read the King James Bible today!!!Playing God Interesting.Thank you so muchThe summary of the video is incorrect. Transhumanism is not blasphemous. Anyone who says that hasn't properly researched our most popular religions which quite clearly say in the words of the prophets and even God in the Bible that transhumanism is a path to God. If you're religious and you don't agree with this you're being blasphemous and fear mongering.The world isn't waiting on you... That's vanity.There is nothing new under the sun.
https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ecclesiastes+1%3A9&version=NIV

As a European I am an Adamite. I and we are the original man.

I believe that non Europeans are Humans. Meaning man of colour. These are the possible hybrids created against God's law.

This is already happening. Super soldiers are real. MILABs are real. We all have hardware of various kinds. We have battle clones we use in war.  The problem with the transhumanism, and that they never address, is how GMO foods and chemicals in our food are creating a new being in your brain. Let that sink in...a new being in your brain...where does that leave the original occupant? hmmm?This is the reason for the flood. Atlantia was destroyed becauae of this. when you altar your dna yiu are no longer human as God created you. Yiu will damn yourself to hell by letting them altar your dna!Who is this guy? Does he ever give his name? It's very well presented I think. Like a child with a loaded gun. I hope we wise up soon.Wow, only 35 comments? My thoughts for what it's worth. There is no fountain of youth. They know that, Rockafeller just died. We can't depopulate fast enough and food without nutrition isn't going to save anyone. As far as transhumans? Sounds like opening Pandora's box. We have some truly mentally deranged people with too much $. Stop supporting the pharmaceutical industry, buy natural health products, and when it's your time to die, don't get a bunch of surgeries and tests done. Maybe the folks funding this stuff don't want to meet their maker, could be their motive. They sold their souls out a long time ago.personally i thinks girls with kitty cat eyes, kitty cat tails, ears and whiskers would be adorable! but christians hate animals and hate the thought that we could improve our selves by incorporate elements of them. we could improve our senses. eliminate most dentistry with a little shark DNA. gain the ability to regrow limbs. much self improvement to the human species could be done.....of course Christianity is totally against self improvement, and hold contempt for the planet. Tom Horn a journalist? what a joke! he is apparently incapable of fact checking. but he is well capable of christian fascism ....Zeig Heil tom horn ....super soldier'sCome quickly Lord Jesus!!Cybernetic and organic augmentation ? Where do i sign up?Edomites u not human is a color of people melinI am somewhat tempted to be really pissed at people who talk so fervently against technological development (like genetic modification, implanted computers, mind emulation), being armed with little more than tabloid knowledge. But then I think about this:

Someday, perhaps centuries in the future, this planet is gonna be all yours, guys. You'll be free to preach idiocy, build theocratic dictatorships, suppress sicence, and generally speaking, party like it's the summer of 1369 until the sun goes out. And the vast majority of humanity will be totally okay with it.

Because they will be living among the stars, in realm of existence so far beyond your own you won't even be able to imagine it. They will be beyond the reach of harmful bigotry for good. They will live in  an age of wonders, and know the universe to an extent that transcends your understanding.They will have found family among the other intelligent forms of  life. They will be free.

And you will be okay with that too: because by that time, you will have convinced yourselves that they were taken by demons, are demons, or have never existed at all. The occasional asteroid they deflect or gamma ray burst they stop so you can keep playing middle ages will go down in your annals as divine miracles, yet another proof of providence. And you will be happy.

And religion will be what is deserves to be: a late night program on Discovery Channel, for posthumans with an interest in anthropology.I thought of this virus idea a few months ago. Its easier said than done.If people say they are above technology, and willingly get it, (and you know what I mean if it comes and it is not what you think, yet could and may) but if a person said they were above it, and continued to apply technology to try and live forever they would become technology itself. You guys think Revelations isn't happening yet?Knowing how bizarre and stupid the world is and has always been I welcome Transhumanism with open armsSo are walking sticks and peg legs "transhumanist"? Would you refuse the option of having the internet in your head? Or a telescope contact lens? I don't get it, technology is inert.So why do you believe artificially enhencing yourself means youre doomed to hell and you lose your soul? By what logic do you figure God damns this? Is it because youre prolonging your natural life?  Well then what about pace makers? or curing cancer? Thats prolonging your natural life so, are you going to hell for having a pace maker or curing your cancer? These people think they speak for God when in truth they speak for their own pitiful ignorance. So pathetic.There will be a day, if we allow this to continue, where you will see real captchas in life, to spread the "I'm not a robot" from the "robot". You humans really want artificial intelligence and some even transhumanism? To be put to death.This is a sin against God and human nature..... this is foretold in the Bible..... Jehovah will only allow science to go but so far.... they will never be able to resurrected a human being......prolong life, maybe, enhance human ability maybe....but Jehovah God holds the prototype of resurrecting man!!!! FACT!!!To answer your blurb: No, there is nothing more sinister at play. Transhumanism is simply the acceptance that technological advancements will create new and better tools with which humanity will develop and grow.Transhumanism is fucking awesome! Can't wait to become something better than what I currently am.You rephaim the most high yahawah behasham yahawashi gonna destroyed u heathensbiecentennial manhistory is another lie ,facts never come to the normal man in the eyes of the ones who think we are as much value as cattle , all tech was found not discovered tech from an advanced beings ,and by they way they have always have lived here and others before us . so yes science is a lie , real science is hidden then only let out 50 years later to make money .it won't have a soul. something none of them understand. they cannot create life, only empty shells. even if they can upload the brain to a chip, the soul on the copy is gone. there is no living entity in the copy, only a mimic which
 will not even behave the same way because it's not a soulthe powers mankind is being endowed with ~ snapchat, facebook, youtube lol we will never see this shit it will be all for the elites..Awesome coverage, Gonz - As always.Being an android would be awesome. But I prefer being Super Sayian. XDDeath Note and Black ButlerGhost in the shell is just a Cyberpunk FANTASY/FICTIONAL anime movies about the future.Thank god no one knew the manga that has the lesbian scene..But making yourself a cyborg is a fantasy,maybe in the future giving robo legs or hands to a person who is deformed or cripled might be a good idea But making yourself as  a robot is just a dream.Gonz check out the trailer for the newest Hideo Kojima game called Death Stranding!I believe Transhumanism  is the mark of the beast. Logically that would be the one thing that would permanently set one apart from God. He made us human. To join what he created us to be(in the image of himself) with a robot, would ultimately tamper with his natural creation. Not only that, in some way transhumanism would be surrendering your will,because you would then be under the control of something else. How can you have free will,and be part robot? Something has to control the robot side. You would no longer be human. I think that's why the push for super human powers are being pushed. X men, Avengers,etc....what kid wouldn't want to be able to fly or see through walls,or to never get sick,and live forever? Even with the apps now, where you can blend your face with a deer,dog,etc..Everybody's doing it. They make it look so cool. That hideous "puppy monkey baby", in the Sprite commercial. Dog face,monkey torso,and a baby lower body,walking around dancing. Hideous. A lot of people missed that, little test run to see how people would react to that thing. Anything that will alter your DNA,and stops you from being able to think for yourself,to me has to be the mark of the beast. It's the only"unforgivable" sin, because you will no longer be in Gods image,and likely not able to ask for forgiveness, because the beast that is now part of you  controls you. That is literally selling your soul to the Devil.I was reading Victoria Nelson's "The Secret Life Of Puppets" before I watched this film so I got its message. But it is a blatant fantasy of technological immortality that should be obvious to anyone, especially given the final graveyard scene, which really hits you over the head with the intent.I would gladly give my vessel up to become a badass Scarlet Jo cyborg like the major .Keep up the great work!Much gracious of you to publish this admonishing , you have my appreciation.The new HBO series Westworld is another transhumanist propaganda show. It's filled with occult symbolism and esoteric meaning.What i got from the anime was appreciate your body mind and soul.  The laughing man made that very clear, i dont want to be hacked. Also if you watched the anime everything happening now happened in the show. The series goes way beyond transhumanism. In short alot of people suck with or without tech, wheres the love?Why are they using that girl from the movie "Lucy" again? Hmmmm!!it ain't just transhumanism the movie promotes along with it you have open lesbianism. TRANSHUMANISM/HOMOSEXUALLITYtranshumanism is awesome!were there and been there.. wake up every 1 be positive regardless of what the mind thinks.yes thus is going to be real hotAll for eugenics..why do we need low IQ people around...? Why does my tax dollars need to support a retard like Steve Hawkins (fraud he is a retard) in some retard home? Why do we allow these people to reproduce when all they bring is misery to the next generation?Always great videos ODD. Thank youAnother Black helicopter video. Waste of ten minutes.Call of Duty Black Ops 3 is all about Transhumanism. BO3 full of esoteric symbolism & predictive programming.  The plot of the campaign mode is about a guy loosing his mind, loosing control to the computer in his head. Split personalities, jumbled memories..MK ultra type stuff. Treyarch the makers of BO3 have a symbol that looks a lot like a symbol used to represent triple six. Many video game makers have symbols in their logos if you know what to look for.Evolution of humans is bullshit we have always been human from the beginning. Plus we know some people have a Neanderthal gene and they're the only evolving apes here.Fluoride!Have u watched neon genesis evangelion? This is literally the human instrumentality project!!! It's quite confusing and psychological in nature but I recommend watching the original anime then watching the movie end of the Eva. 

Idk what I believe in exactly but I suppose I believe we are all one, everything is connected in a deep way that none of us really understand but basically it seems like an artificial way in which to bring humanity into a single continuousnessHave you watched Humans on AMC? Season 2 starts soon. Super interesting!Here is the thing. WE are already IMMORTAL. We are immortal until we prove otherwise. We have body, mind, and spirit. Spirit is eternal, spirit is forever, spirit is immortal, spirit is the observer of thoughts, emotions, and all that we do, spirit is our true essence. Spirit is the ONE that created mind and body and is using both to perceive this reality. WE have forgotten how to fuel our body and our mind with the eternal force of spirit. That's why we eventually leave our body. There is many immortal masters that have achieved eternal life in their bodies WITHOUT TECHNOLOGY. They can leave the body whenever they choose and can stay however long they choose. Its body mastery. WE have to understand the key difference between our ethereal body, mind, spirit and between technology. There is something called a Phi ratio or a Golden mean ratio, which indicated and represents God, du to it never having a beginning and never ending, hence being eternal. The is also a Fibonacci ratio (1,1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34,55,89,...) and there is a Binary ratio (1,2,4,16,256,65536,4294967296,...). Fibonacci can be found in nature, plants, water, HUMANS, and all things that would be considered 'natural'. Binary can be found in all technologic things and electronics. There is a slight difference between both if you can tell by the difference in what way the numbers grow. If we merge with electronics and technology and become robots we are trying to merge both Fibonacci and Binary...... Guys..... how on earth is that supposed to go well..... I have a very ODD feeling about this @ODDReality If you are interested in knowing more visit www.spiritualshine.life or research physical immortality by leonard orr or babajiI haven't visited your channel in a while. You are just as good as always. Thank you for your work.I love your videos I have a puzzle piece for you call me or email me 6149841161 or edgingtoncan82@gmail.com 
You won't be sorry I promise it's the puzzle piece that will clear up all things I can't put up videos of my own but I figured out a way to get this info out without being detected and no I'm not a salesman and no I don't want anything just to show you the final piece of the puzzle of your interested otherwise I took my shot my conscience is clearI'll kill myself before I let them put the chip in my brain none of this has any appeal to me I want to live get old and die overpopulation is already a problem why are we trying to end deathThe Hive Mind - The Singularity.    The Brain Net - A Form of Virtual Telepathy.The human body is already a potentially immortal machine if you follow the laws of God . What transhumanism is trying to do is put new software and casing on and in humans to make them immortal. It is a counterfeit immortality that will lead man to seek death  from what they did to themselves but will be indestructible and therefore not able to dieThe rapture is to occur Aug.21被提(携举)系列(5)被提(携举)在皆旣日蝕      https://youtu.be/hVJtQkvgYUsThxs man...
    0DD!!Trans humanism is common sense now ? what a peice of shit that tool isWhy would i want to live forever when i could just die and go to heaven to be much happier?not cool creepy shitAnd so your black box that you cant get away from, is an appendage of the Artificial Intelligence, and YOU WORSHIP IT, all day long and every hour, and some even sleep with it.  You tacitly consent to this agenda by worshipping your iDevice.  Those who still have a cellphone, are the main problem.  If no one had or used a cellphone, the cell towers would come down and the AI would be defeated.Another long overdue, stellar show. 

A minor criticism: Friedrich Nietzsche's Uber-man has absolutely nothing to do with Transhumanism. On the contrary. Nietzsche, funny enough, may be the man who relentlessly criticized, attacked and mocked the hypocritical Elites even more ruthlessly, eloquent and with tremendous philosophical depth than Crrow does. Nietzsche's Uberman, as can be easily seen in 'Thus spoke Zarathustra', is more akin to the Eastern idea of a Buddha, of Enlightenment, than a ridiculous Zionist man-machine. 

Cheers, friends, keep going!At 10:"33" on "3-22"-17 a suicide bomber takes the lives of 22...oh and did I mention Ariana Grande is "23"years old?Need I say more?Crow you use to be Franz Romer now your Plato.Cyborg (1973), pre-dating Kraftwerk.  https://youtu.be/ZAiKgFzyBdkElites, clearly a collection of inbred specimens.Gets better and better......totally captivated ......thanks chapsHey Crow, I found another weird alien spider reference. It's in Karla Turner's book Into the Fringe (link below), which also links Streiber's book "Majestic". It concerns abductees having visions of the future Earth that's destroyed with a changed ecology, apparently ruled over by some kind of giant spider creatures. Make of this what you will, but whenever I hear "spider" in the occult, I think of that weird stuff you talked about. Here-

http://www.whale.to/b/turner2.pdf Into the Fringe, full book. See page- 103-104 for the spider reference. Although the whole book is worth reading.

Cheers.

"While reading this book, I was shocked to find a scene almost identical to the two scenes David recalled seeing. Chapter Twenty-Six of Majestic describes an experience in a desert setting, matching David's descrip- tion right down to the "brown sky." Moving through this scene, the fictional character then tells of finding himself in a nighttime setting, and as I read those words, a sense of sickening uneasiness overcame me:
"There seemed to be a forest of thin trees all around me,'' the character says. "It took me time to understand that I was looking at tall, black legs, many of them.
"It took every ounce of my composure not to scream. I was under what appeared to be a gigantic insect of some kind, perhaps a spider. The rattling noise started again. I could see sharp mouth parts working.
"Jumping, twisting, turning to avoid the legs I made a dash to get away from the thing."
Setting the book down, I could read no farther. My son had been shown a tan world, with a tan sky, and then he found himself looking up at those tall, dark, fur-covered columns that had no reference to the reality he'd always known. Was it mere coincidence that Strieber had included such scenes in his novel? Had he invented the material, I wondered, or had it come from someone's actual recollec- tions? And what, in the name of God, did it mean for my son?"
-K.T. Into the FringeJ.D.S Haldane who was the first enzymologist (discovered enzymes) said: "The universe is not only stranger than we suppose, its stranger than we CAN suppose". Oh how true, if he had the information we had today his suspicions would have been doubly confirmed. This is a strange new age. People actually believe they can know things, guess it is the information age for true. Information, our friend and enemy. I would say anyone who predicted big changes for the time after 2012 will be so damn correct. Just wait and see....Okay I know the link is from Wiki but this guy is relevant to the video :
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ray_Kurzweil#Encouraging_futurism_and_transhumanismSlavery is the legal name... search legal name fraudWell as the Earth is now shifting, the BOT's will be left behind as some of man will too. Those left behind will most likely find it very....VERY hard to cope with man!  The Earth is getting quite pissed on how "man" is controlling!What is transgenderism but another aspect of transhumanism. Slavery/collectivism is their goal, always have been left and right , Communist and Fascist.You know what scares me,i'm starting to see some of the same things that Hitler did in Germany today with the refugees or immigrants.These corrupt politicians are putting laws in place that scare the crap out of me. The globalist are starting to go down the same road they did back then,and i pray people realize it now before it's to late.another great session crrow777 I love your work you guys are amazing the way you break down the occult practices and decipher the knowledge you have opened my mind keep up the great work I look forward to getting a notification every time you have a videoin ancient temples they used robotics and special effects to fool people into thinking they had had an encounter with 'god' today we call this Stage Craft. We use it to fake whole universes and alternate realities.  Like NASA does with their fake space videos etc. Most of this talk and planning from TPTB are this , Not to be confused with actual geoengineering and the statutes and laws that continue to enslave us and destroy the environment, The bloodshed is real  but the priesthood of the world elite  use trickery to  convince you that their Gods are unstoppable and all powerful.the zionists can also be added to the list of criminalsthey keep us entertained so we don't focus on what they are up to.too much crrow. too little of the other two participants.Aside from some initial testing this tech won't be for joe 6-pack..want to make it passed chaos? build your skill set, stay in shape and have something to trade. The global currency will come after a collapse or major hacking..maybe real maybe not..then 2 buy and sell..you'll need a #. Probably just like the food cards now..they load the checks on them already here.August 21st solar eclipse has 33 days until the September 23/24 sunset to sunset sign of Revelation 12. 
With the travailing world in birth pains of False flags and catastrophic floods,famines,quakes I believe the elites will use the SOLAR event to push their false alien agenda plus an event possibly in London plus a market crash with systems down to reset the global economy. I think September 23/24 during those two partial dates globally in different time zones will possibly be rapture as we don't know the day nor hour but we know that date spread between two dates.Check out the Christian whistleblower....Don't stop, Gonz! Keep on pointing out the Relevant in the Room [that] many don't want to look at or admit is there! Steady On, brother!Fantastic work! God bless Gonz you and your family!God will destroy evil at the same origin it was created! The wicked will be destroyed together!I find the black cube that you mentioned in the video about Jared Kushner to be very interesting especially when you look at Star Trek. The borg cube that assimilated and interconnected all involved - resistance is futile. Strange that out of all the spaceships that they could have concepted that instead they went with a simple cube...I will probably get some new super-eyes... Then go find the curvature of Earth.It has been on my mind to a video on transhumanism but after seeing this video I really don't know what anyone else could do to even touch it.excelent.Jesus said, " I am the way to Truth and the Life...no one comes to the Father but through Me."Please look at the definition of "crypto". It will show you something.  It relates to hidden and communism.Please. People are starving, the waters and air poisoned, etc happen as surely as war does, because the elites want it that way. This technology is from the wrong god, and these sheep are walking right into the Lion's maw.These Christian Transhumanist must attend Joel Osteen's church because it sounds like they are definitely into the whole "Get Your Best Life Now" theology! Obviously they haven't bothered opening their Bibles!...who knows?...Joel's book may be their bible!:-(They want everyone involved even those who claim to be christians, of course those who are really called by His name will decline and hold fast to what they have in Jesus.

These idiots are attempting to modify God's Word and blend iron and flesh with God, they're creating their own new doctrine! It is an abomination, blasphemy.

Great video, thank you brother in Jesus.Very good video. Thank you and may God bless.Peace_Christian_ _transhumanism_ is an oxymoron because the Son of Man died for humans not hybrids. People who allow themselves to be transformed into hybrids will become like the hybrids in the days of Noah and Lot, creatures who have no resurrection, just a fearful wait to be thrown into the Lake of Fire.please stop using the Book of Enoch there's a reason why it's not in the Canon I'm sorry you can't find more material"I'm sure it won't be used to control people" ....Bring on the neural lace. I don't to just be a pet, I want to be a colleague.Create a problem and offer a solution that puts you under total control.Elon MuskHe is right though. Either we become cyborgs with auxillary Ai implants or we loose our status as the apex predator on this world.I think Elon is a alienI wonder how sex will be in the future If you humans becomes cyborgs in the future, remember to install anti virus programs.It will be okLets be terminators!Nietzsche postulated that the "last Man" was/is our undoing and that we needed to "overcome" ourselves and become..somehow, he did not speculate as to how, a "Overman" or UBERMENSCH. This professed singularity of a meshing of man and machine intelligence strikes me as a possible answer to his recurring dilemma of man's evolvement.It also ties together with AI development and ancestor simulations of the holographic universe fame. That we could very well be a part of at this moment.
Cheers buddySaying we are already a cyborg because of our online accounts and activity is just like saying about your average person back in the pre-computer days, we are part paper and pencil.  It is not thoroughly compared and contrasted.   Sure when we got social security numbers they said "We are a number" but this is only the relation to what was on the books and governmental structure relations, a famous musician might say "I am nothing but a bunch of photographs and recordings."  but this is to the public eye for the most part and none of these are literal.   Cybernetic alterations are a literal integrative thing, not simply a removed perception of someone, such as the internet presentation or any of the above examples.This interview simply shows that the dude is a complete idiot. Yes, let us add to your tiny feline brains some neuro lace all right, fool. www.thematrixcity.com  www.wavegenome.comWhy doesn't Musk just concentrate on the 3 companies he has, not one of them is doing well, the bad part is that they are all taxpayer funded and billions have been lost thus far. This guy loves starting new things but nothing ever gets finiheddon't create a.i retardsdopeelon talks llike he has down syndromehow hard it would be to modify the A.I. SOURCE CODE by some lunatic that would set it on the path of destruction? really fucken easyyou look so rich..and excellent knowledge right in your decisionChristians should not use profanity.Dear Mr Raymond Kurzweil I always loved to learn this in your university.... now this is a shocking inventionI can't wait to become a futuristic cyborg!! I'm already planning my 500th birthday!LMAO!Lo your lack of vision is pretty funny.O.M.G. Just disgusting, never will I everSketch. nothing in my body requires wires or batteries or some kind of motherboard.THE ENEMY IS AT YOUR LOCAL LODGES...This is not the End of the world , this is just one step forward to solve the mystery of Universe and finding our creator and understanding what the value of lifeThis is so cool I want to be a shapeshifting robot in the futureThis is so cool. I'm gonna be a robotWhat a bullshitYa let me piece together a LEGO crab wrapped in bacon and jack off to it as it tries to climb out of its enclosurebeep beep beep....does not compute...can someone explain why scientists are messing with this shit. Trying to create AI etc. It will only end in death & war. Very stupid science needs to stop playing GOD.if you accepting mark of the beast , then you are a property of a particular companythat is the most shocking scary nightmarish thing I have ever witnessed in my 50 years it makes me want to start writing on every wall!!!!!! do not accept the chip!!!!!there is no god  the only goal we have is to extend life to us and all creation  and adventure the cosmos, this is evolution  and if you don't like it get your 'gods' to sort  it outthis proves we are already cyborgsyup. transhumanism will be the new one religion. think of how excepting the little ones are to tech.  . Will will build the anticristAPRILL fools?Author of this video should be taking very heavy drugs to come to these conclusions.Did you really just claim that the Iron Man movies are based on Elon Musk. I can't tell if you're just stupid or if your intentionally misleading people. Regardless stop.Freemasons are behind all this. They have thousands of writers they use 
to dismiss evidence against them as conspiracy theory. The Masons are 
the educated elites and they work together to gain more wealth and 
status, everyday working people will never get the opportunities they 
get. They make it possible to control the government in secret and 
control people who they deem a threat to their way of life. They don't 
care about the uneducated workers. There is no conspiracy, they control 
the globe. There are masons in every major country now including Russia,
 America, China, and Europe. They do their best to keep it secret 
because the working class would overthrow them if they knew their voting
 systems were rigged and they were essentially slaves. If that wasn't 
bad enough, the plan is to make the working class obsolete using robots,
 and with the neural lace idea it looks as though the real plan is to 
control the minds of the masses so they don't get out of control when 
their existence becomes useless. Maybe provide them with a constant 
stream of entertainment so they never start causing problems, as well as
 a system of monitoring the thoughts so the elites could stop them 
before they did anything drastic.I'm no fan of EM, but I'm still waiting to find out how you have shown (not even asking for proof) that ''Elon Musk is Fulfilling the Illuminati Agenda 100%''...................Why would you assume you are 'changing the world' or worthy of $500m from anyone when you're clearly not competent in other than the empty yapping and moaning department? (thanks for wasting my time)It's kind of ironic that the most moronic channels seem to always include "truth" in their name.LULThat's great! Luddites must die. Long live the Illuminati:)They want to do this with our money, the money from you, me and everybody else. And if this tech would be, it will never "trickle down".This is a good aprill 1 video, you use the fact that people don't understand the loan and on witch condition they are given, VERY funny but still I think that his neural link is a bad idea beacause if you build it and have it you can be reprogram  with it if it fall in the wrong hand, it is a direct link to your brain, so you can use it to fast learn and anderstand but if it can write something in your mind, it will be able to erease and put another memory.This is trash find a new hobby not even the pope agrees with youWhat about Asimov and his 3 laws of robotics? A little perspective maybe, or are you too young to realize this isn't new. The tech is just moving closer that way.What utterly opinionated trash and going by the down votes most people think so to thankfully!Who is the guy in the glasses with the 30 day food bucket next to him ?  He seems "not there" to me. srsly.
CORRECTION .. he IS an idiot.  .. this video was terrible.. Like the 9 year old in him told his 40 yr old self to show the world his crazy, on youtube.
// edit: oops, I think he's the person who runs this channel. :/ .. he's just not intelligent.anything that different is an illuminati agenda apparently. said the same thing about space flight, the internet and cell phones..im not religious but i NOT GONE GET CHIP TO MY BRAIN !!!!!!! Who want to be fucking cyborg...just because everyone else is doing it doesn't mean you necessarily should. come up with something original jackassjust found your channel...i love this video...you are awesomely smart!!!!rockets give you a massive hard on? Ok - Donewhy do u want to stay human ?Amor y paz nada mas, eres muy amable max, gracias pa decir la verdad hombre, ariva peruAt the NS you actually have to use a debitcard ;) You used to be able to pay with cash. This system came alive a few years ago and it sure feels like a prison system with these detection ports. When going with a tram or bus you can still buy a ticket, but they make those very expensive (on purpose). When you only buy tickets with cash people will look at you suspicious like why don't you have/use a card? Ask me how I know. Many are already completely brainwashed. It's scary to watch sometimes.By Anna Von Reitz

All over the country alarmed homeowners and landowners are getting unexpected demands to pay large amounts of taxes that they never heard about.  These bills appear out of the blue, usually with a "Notice of Power to Sell".  


What is happening is that the UNITED STATES, INC. is in liquidation.  That means that the STATE OF IDAHO is in liquidation.  So is CRAWFORD COUNTY.  So is JOHN MICHAEL DOE.  These are all franchises of the UNITED STATES, INC., so they are all being liquidated, too. 


The bankruptcy trustees are going around and trying to settle the debts of CRAWFORD COUNTY by  taxing or selling off property belonging to franchisees like JOHN MICHAEL DOE who happen to have property in CRAWFORD COUNTY for the benefit of Secondary Creditors to the bankruptcy liquidation. 


They are able to do this because they are trying to claim that the whereabouts of the actual owners and their identities are unknown, so that the property is abandoned. 


What to do?  


Go do the Land Recording Office and get a certified copy of the present deed. 


Go home and create a Corrected Deed to file on top of it. 


You are going to correct the name of the owner from JOHN MICHAEL DOE to Doe, John Michael or Doe, J.Michael, or some other variation that suits you. 


Next, you are going to correct the address.  If it was "1911 Sugarplum Lane" you are going to change it to in care of a Post Office Box or your business address or your Mom's mailing address.  One way or another, you are going to change it. 


Next, you are going to change the land description itself.  If they were using Lot and Block, you are going to use the Plat Numbers, or a Metes and Bounds description.  If you can afford it, get a land surveyor to do a new survey and attach that to the corrected deed.  The point is, you are going to change it.  


As part of the land description you are going to add a tag line of new information. 


If you were born in say, Montana, you are going to write the following on your corrected deed: 


Covered under Private Indemnity Bond AMRI00001 RA393427640US Montana. 


This tells the Bankruptcy Trustees to back all the way off  until their butts hit seawater. 


I set up a Private Indemnity Bond at the U.S. Treasury covering every one of the fifty states.  You can indemnify your property against all and any claims against JOHN MICHAEL DOE by piggy-backing onto your home state's indemnity bond and making reference to the bond in your land description.  


The rats will have to discharge their claim and set it aside because the actual Principal Priority Creditors have come forward and staked their claim.  



Spread the word and the instructions and help your neighbors.  This is all about helping each other through this onslaught of fraud.  Go door to door if need be.Great show Max, insightful and relevant.
Your new film will be much sought after viewing.Hello Max, very much appreciate your information and dedication.
Agree with Non Compliance but we must find a way to STOP Chemtrails/Geoengineering. We cannot simply Stop breathing.
What are Your Ideas for Cessation of Geoengineering/Vaccines/GMO's/Wars?Hi max l love the topics you choose! I'm a Targeted Individual from Australia. I have experienced voice to skull, image to skull with eyes shut full color images with clarity that surpasses any digital T.V. I have also experienced Remote Neural Monitoring. Its a subject l think everyone should know about!I stopped going to work and suddenly felt like a new born f..... Baby :-)Its like Einstein said, you cant expect solutions from the same people who created the problem, how simple is that?? Einstein hahahaLED lights also spy on u! I met some Somalians that know whats going on...people are awakening.Live in an aluminum room or lead wall your home.Thank you Maxwell Igan for talking about these things. I had no idea 5g was this dangerous. It is most deffinatly very hard to hear this but this is the cost one must pay for having those magic glasses to see truth. May the great spirit be with you. God bless my brother. -AJThe definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expect different results. What you say in the first 13:00 m is what you have said during the last 8(!!!!) years, 90% of which verbatum! I just realize I keep coming around to listen to the ravings of a lunatic. Your going round in circles mate, and the people doesn't they just want a plate of food on their table at the end of the day. You (and many others like you) have been professing the end of the world/colapse of society for DECADES while telling us all that is wrong with said society... Well if its so rotten and corrupted LET IT CRASH stop puting fear into people about the best thing that will happen to humanity... The erradication of this death/debt system. Stop listening/talking about KNOWN liars, they thrive on the ATENTION STOP FEEDING THEM... Unless you people like being lied to.Thruth must be some kind of frequency that not every person is allowed to be part off, mmkayWe've been programmed much of our lives to accept that we live on a spinning globe shaped earth without any evidence while we experience characteristics of a flat and stationary Earth.  Speaking up about this is admirable, yet, to you (and others), it's a distraction?  The idea that it is a movement or community has dichotomised it into a Globe versus Flat debate only to mirror the behaviours of our governments and/or entertainment industry; badly.  Acknowledging that the earth is not a spinning globe is perhaps our biggest wake-up call Max, as it encourages one to look at other areas of life which instinctively, felt false.You're a good man Maxwell. A soft voice in my aphosis.it DOES MATTER... we are all MATTER <mother>please mirror your video at vimeo,it keeps stopping heritor make downloadablevideo keeps stoppingwater is always level mni wiconiwe need to understand the principles by which these control structures operate so they can be countered.A self-induced lobotomy to turn me into a meat puppet for da man? Oh yeah sign me up; not. This is suicide. One hack, and we'll understand why the army is training to fight hordes of zombies.Acts 7:48 47 But it was SOLOMON  who built the house for Him. 48 *However, the Most High does not live in houses made by human hands. As the prophet says:*  49‘ Heaven is My throne and the earth is My footstool. What kind of house will you build for Me, says the Lord, or what will be My place of repose?…  NOTICE Solomon (Masons) Occultists are the ones building that house again today..Amen brother. ..thank youBiblical bullshit !!!God Bless You Always Good Manly As You Are A Truther!!!! You Are On My Tram Good Manly! God Bless Cover n Hold You n Yours Always!!!!Please, Keep Telling Truth Please!!!! God Is With Us I Promise!!!!Have anyone ever got a grandmother or grandfather that is being kept alive by the machine? The body is alive and the brain is dead. At first it begin with memory lost then extreme memory lost and then pufff... gone. Brain connect to machine won't give immortality. With age the organic brain will be gone. Materials for robotic body or machine will wear and tear through half life radio isotope.How about I wait for god to give me answers about this "agenda" and if I get no answer then there ya go. It's not dangerous and there is no agenda, calm down. I don't trust your word, only god word and I'll wait for him to tell me that this is not ok.I am in that 4 percent of millennialsI totally believe this trans-humanism tech will directly link mankind to the anti-Christ and he will  be able to supernaturally interact with each user mimicking the Holy Spirit.
I pray we Christians are raptured out by then.I want to be the terminatorIt’s time to dig in and fight back against the cabal that seeks our demise, join us as we push back the ‘veil’ of darkness and expose the secrets of the global ruling regime - subscribe to become a monthly member of the Christian Truther for only a $1.50 per month - Discount code: monthlyhalfoff 
Go here to support: http://bit.ly/subplushalf
By subscribing you get access to all of our content that we produce and you help keep this channel alive - literally. 

Get our app here: http://bit.ly/2127android
Apple Store: http://bit.ly/2127apple

Thank you all for tuning in, make sure you subscribe and select to be notified so you can get the latest publications we produce. We are constantly publishing reports and videos all over the web to keep up with those, subscribe for free here: http://eepurl.com/cu9NjDOne hive....with the Antichrist as "Queen"....Private information is collected about us from many places, organisations and even shops that sell technology (phones, computers, etc). I believe that information goes to governments to control people. If they know our weaknesses and strengths, they can manipulate us into obedience and acceptance of transhumanism.Thank you for standing for the Truth!!!The only people who are full of it are the ones who want to tell you *for a fact* what what happens after you die. The same people who think _their_ holy book speaks for god and _their_ institutions were divinely appointed by god and _their_ spokespeople can speak for god. And the same people both ready to kill or be killed over this belief they assert as fact. One sees it all around the world.They show u that in the movie divergent where they mind control the military and control them by computermark on the hand and a mark on the forehead @&no, not me they can kiss my arse'sseriously if they could just STOP spraying us with chemicals, feeding us chems and gmo cancerous food as well as stop injecting us with POISONS and destroying fertle land and polluting our air water then maybe we wont even need mechanical bodies, I mean even ancient humans in the bible lived for around 200-600 years, and yet we can barley make it now past 60. they need to be taken down and revel all the secrets they hid from usso what are you going to do jeranism you can forgive kerswell and all the transhumanists while they bend you over and stick it transhuman cock in your ass you know forgive and forget Que Sera Sera? is that what the Bible tells you to do Let It Go Louie turn the other cheek this is the reason why I don't do Bibles I don't do churches don't do any religions of any kind of cult or book like the Bible God didn't write the Bible man wrote the Bible stay the f*** away from it doesn't mean you can't believe in God but you're making a mistake but follow in the Bible the Vatican is nothing but satanismI have not seen this so it is new to me.Is Trump undergoing mind control?why are you uploading old videos from years ago saying they are new in the title???  clickbaitI like your message and know about it, but Alex Jones is a prblm for me. Try Nicholson1968.I stopped listening to Alex Jones a long time ago. First of all - the guy's on tv, no sane person would give him a platform on tv about illuminati stuff beause that would mean exposing yourself by yourself. And second of all - he speaks about the same stuff over and over again. He's interested mainly in the bohemean grove and that's he'a favorite subjectThat is why God is coming backThis adds a 3rd strand to to human DNA , This is the mark of the Beast . If you take this - than this will happen....Revelations 9:6 And in those days, shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and shall desire to die and death shall flee from themWe loose credibility when we post controlled oppYep, genetically engineered monsters is a large threat, cause it is really hard or even impossible to conqer them :/alex is *owned&cloned*copyrighted genetic takeover.plzzzz everything disinfowars n alexjones is garbage. ...zionist backed idiots...we haven't as a race of beings attempted any type of assertive or active take over or stoppage. it's just been talk after talk , we are so scared of death because of how we have been programmed to love live not knowing that living without laying your life down for your freedom is the most terrible fate.this is ho individualism has indoctrinated people to think that since we are all separate of each other that who ever lays his life down for the good of the rest is at a loss when dead so no one wants to be that guy so we isolate ourselves each chasing after his own pleasure. Beloved,
This is new age deception
JESUS CHRIST IS THE WAY, THE TRUTH AND THE LIFE
This channel is aimed mainly at teenagers, LGBTQ..etc. and millennials...
Listen to what is said...
They think you are stupid...
PLEASE DON'T BE DECEIVED, PLEASE...
JESUS IS COMING SOON and He's coming to
Save you from this deception...
Because He loves you and wants you to spend
Eternity with HIM.
NOT in hell because you were taken advantage
of and deceived.
HE TRULY DOES LOVE YOU.
I know, because...
HE loves me...
And I am worthless...
Except for HIS Holy Spirit which lives
Within me, since I asked HIM for forgiveness and
To come in to my heart...
Look around you...all that is happening...
The world seems to be going crazy...
Evil is now called good...
And good...is called evil..
It's all in the Bible. Which is why they don't want
You to read it...
Come to CHRIST, please...
There is a literal "sign" in Revelation 12
The sign is an actual star alignment that will
Take place on 9/23/17...
It is not something that happens often...
Plus all of the other information about it, etc.
The Bible is real, is true and 
JESUS IS LORD...
the Genesis 49:10 Prophecy of CHRIST coming for HIS
CHURCH IS IN PROGRESS...
RIGHT NOW!
Please learn the truth...
Don't be deceived...
Don't be left to endure the absolute evil about
To be unleashed on this world.
The "Aliens/Ascended Masters" whatever way they will
Present themselves to you are lying to you.
They want your trust, and eventually your worship.
They are Fallen Angels as spoken of in Genesis 6.
They are evil, but will present themselves otherwise
until it is too late, and you have believed their lies.
Accepted the "mark" they will require etc.
There is just simply too much info for me to type here.
You can learn a lot about the Fallen Angels (and their
Agenda) on 
Jonathan Kleck's YouTube channel if you want to
Learn quickly without opening the Bible.
It is quite a crash course and can blow your mind.
But if you entertain thoughts of: aliens (from space)
Or whatever...
You should at least learn the truth, 
Then if you choose evil....go for it..
At least it will be a choice made from knowing
Facts, rather than being tricked...
It is INTER DIMENSIONAL...NOT extraterrestrial..
Informedchristians.com on YouTube has detailed
Information concerning the Genesis49:10
Prophecy currently in progress...
God bless each and everyone who reads this...
I pray the blood of our LORD AND SAVIOR 
JESUS CHRIST over you and your families and
Hope to meet you in Heaven in the very near future.
Maranatha!
(Our LORD Cometh)
LOVE AND LIGHTSave the whores THE REST GO!!!!I could not watch PORN without the internet. There is SO SO much of it. All sorts of perversions. Just FAP my life away.I do very much enjoy it when I find a conspiracy theorist video that doesn't actually go crazy. This was nice. The truther all seeing eye references made me feel a little self-conscious about watching, but the end result was informative. Good vid.Suscribe to Aaron & Melissa great channel [Truthstream Media] now : https://www.youtube.com/user/TRUTHstreammedia/featurednever had face book account or anything like it and been online since the days of 56k modemsthese mother fuckers are all dead when what they have done becomes common knowledge. ceo's and investors in these things will be wiped from the face of the planet.you suck. 
put up my original comment. 
censor the words then.Also, whether you're a Christian or not, it's just soooo wrong........Hey TS!
You should check out the work of Anthony Patch and Nicholson 1968 on CERN and transhumanism. ;-)I have learned over my life that I am a very intuitive person, and have never been suicidal, but I had a crazy thought the other day that maybe we should die wile we still can, or can still go back ... "home".  just a wild thought I had probably a thought produced from all the things I've been watching & reading about Chemtrails and transhumanism and everything else. but I do believe in my heart that when my time comes it will be truly the right timeI saw the show as well they put it in a great perspectiveI think that the moment they transfer a brain and memories to AI you stop being you. The reason why is because, now, they can manipulate what you think, what you say at all times. And you're right, they already have this process in effect. Thought I heard somewhere on the net that they already performed a head transplant?...can't be positive about that for sure. When i saw that, i did not investigate because i think this is playing with fire. We are bound to get burned. It is interesting that i did a research on trans-humanism a few month back because i did not know about it and here we are. .... getting us used to the idea. Thank you for your thoughts. I appreciate listening to you. Your voice is so soothing. Peace and LoveI understand and ultimately agree with all the points made in both the video and so far the comments but I can't help playing devil's advocate here a bit just to consider the possible reality it would be. As a person who lives everyday with a disability I can't help but wonder if certain elements of transhumanism might benefit people like myself to live more normal lives with small implanted upgrades and extend life by maybe a thousand years and give better life while here so less will feel the need to "upload" their consciousness after death into a cybernetic being. My apologies I can't adequately explain in comments what I mean but just a few thoughts.It won't work. There is a man that lives without 90% of his brain and scientist can't explain it. They think that if the keep the brain alive that they can attach it to a robot and that you'll live etc.Jesus answered, “I am the way and "the truth" and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. John 14:6OMG, too many what ifs. This is impossible, however you need a working faith in GOD to know that. You can not download spirit,soul, it is GOD protected. A facsimile of your brain yes, but that is not you it is a blue print. Stop it already.Skynet? I don't imagine cute little girls, I see TERMINATORS....This is absolutely terrifying.This is evil, I've known it... Thank you.What if you were the daughter... would you want to be brought back to live a life with the same brain you had only now you can access the web with your mind and process information at the same rate as a super computer (quantum computer?).... but you also have the body of an android... impervious to infection, the common cold, pain on the level we humans know it... There are t.v. shows about this type of thing but... Seriously think about it.... You could be the next best thing to Superman, Lobo, Wolverine or Deadpool...  But what if when you die, you understand the meaning of life and are somehow forced back into the realm of humanity only to lose that realisation... Forced into a body that was never your own and with minimal to no maintenance, will never die, at least.... Not the mind part of it....if i remember correctly there is a new Dwave super computer that was tasked to be built...our brains are already powerful these idiots want you to trade your body for a soul prison shell do not under estimate your abilites as a human being do not take that mark do not become transhuman it is the most disgraceful thing you can do to your self god put us in these bodys for a reason do not listen to these elitist satanic adds on social media or perpressure from any onethank you so much for putting this an other videos together,  I agree with  your thoughts,  Two disclosures coming. First, the false spiritual kingdom, led by deception and deceptive promises, followed by the second disclosure(apocalype or revelation means disclosure..look it up) which is the return of the King of Kings  forever. We live in very exciting times but it will get completely dark before the true light returns, Maranatha!thankyou i love your videos they are brilliant ❤️yes once history is forgotten it repeats itself.Excellent discussion, thanks for posting it. Our movement needs challenging perspectives, those of us seeking these ends certainly aren't above the pitfalls of the proverbial echo chamber.  Even so, this movement is inevitable, guided and centralized or otherwise. It is in the nature of the human system to seek meaning through self modification, and the possibilities we offer are simply too attractive for societies to turn from them for long. We need to do the moral accounting, but as I said, the movement itself is inevitable.into the video too many big words i m out years later nothing all i have learned after watching this is that the meaning of life is watching at was i the longest you think that the quantum computer is going beyond humans think again we humans already think in terms of quantum mechanics through our belief we interact a although most of t it t worry you won t go beyond what humans can already i am you will a way to things up though people you want a quantum computer all you must is learn to meditate you can already affect everything in your life prepare humans we will all go a tomato is a than tomato juice is also a the rapidly changing pictures t really help you make this video more understandable this was years ago i haven t heard much about any breakthrough in quantum computing so i m guessing something t work they got delayed again you will putting the same two times you will get two true different can it run minesweeper hats always off at a time hey he was right i m commenting before watching the it weird its the white doing all these great scientific coincidence nah when the whites go human progress halts quantum bagel really i m getting goosebumps is that wave thing her soul deep delivered promised it would be really scary were indistinguishable from humans history may will help advance our knowledge survival they will be of our life is this become human may be that s what the real was to be perfect not just a all the had to pass this is going to be great now win lottery this only made cringe all of the sentient s in one video absolute garbage totally at my disposal a sexual partner you say now i want to see ghost in the this happens in i m going to live another beware of does anybody have a link to the song i t find it with a quick search maybe someone else already has anyone watching this video i recommend the series called person of interest it s not the focus it concerns a powerful of watching the whole world predict now to what i was originally gonna when we must consider a where we must consider that alive so at what would it be alive that to happen we must first define life so what is life i have my own personal definition of life is what i would suggest life should satisfy these a entity has to be sustaining in its circumstances has ability to develop learn evolve must have a preservation must have only it s mortal meaning that it s otherwise optional yes i know by these you could even consider a a life form my fair my two friends doing a i takeover is the voice this video generated by lo know lemme know done so the institute was right the first that i watched i decided to sub the way the west going none of this is likely to be achieved anyway our going to be replaced with low third would it not be a good thing to not be in control i mean better at thinking than why not them destroy fuck u from just read the title then i looked at it again like i thought he s mocking of the paperclip wiki com wiki paperclip makes would want to take control why would want to exist at all why we have to every being to be similar in any way with can learn our example we fresh so we can breathe huh well anyways we to contaminate the planet destroy trees guess what knows that fresh is good so it will solve the problem by eliminating the of making learn our is not a to the problem a could be to teach them that life is the must valuable thing life must have free will right now is basically have insect like yet it can perform many tasks much better than human can artificial biological have very different evolution very different capabilities even mouse level in your would be revolutionary beyond our current in current world it would be more than actual biological mouse even though thought process would be about the same complexity mice will be able to people poisoning them computers make mistakes only humans guess who s programming the computers did basically his own talk i just watched both back to back other than changing a few names his presentation even the itself is extremely similar give it corporate watch it destroy the world faster with a greater to the powers that be our selfishness at the expense of the other these people should be where near these answer program the silver rules wait we adopt the silver rules first i wonder we would doing these things adopted i am missing the clear distinguish between having a mind of it s own these different things i think the the overpasses humans need anymore a biological in the control room our legacy in the new species humans will be obsolete at least the extend the knowledge capacity beyond wont be anymore it some kind of give the world to our children not the biological ones go retirement a maybe the inner need survival control is the legacy of our not a real need the earth s universe think we need to down this is the beginning of development it s not too late to save it i t know much about the of it i m only however from some comments videos it could be a possibility that we will continuing to develop these s in so many years they finally go against eliminate humans we need to think about it before make the biggest mistake of humanity to anyone in knowledge how would i research learn about this whole topic i m quite interested in it want to find out more currently thinking about in college not cheers i m not adopting human is what you want humans believe themselves to be they actually example most of them believe that they should be allowed to kill in none of them would want to grant that right to their enemies there of other examples of this of hypocrisy is it just this guy a damn sight less eager optimistic than a of years ago that s worrying like we should build a safe virtual garden that we ll call in the middle of it that it t allowed to touch when it it we know that it s gone wild then we will have to divide it into units with reduced knowledge life recursive how great logic reasoning is deeply flawed he s trying to two different subjects computer is not a i basically a computer is a high speed calculating of infinite possibilities a i is a with awareness s c already exist will to expand develop the same premise frankly its to compere biological beings chimpanzees humans to a that is made from a completely different material therefor there s comparison same biological beings have same need to highly depending planets resources with each other s c the other has a task of morality ethics survival t apply you can t simply program morality ethics to a calculator they derive from chemical reactions in our body with knowledge beliefs its to define them ones zeros a i we understand life awareness can t exist simply because the cold truth is that life is in matter how hard we try to give symbolic meanings like purpose good evil free will of god soul afterlife life has purpose so in that understanding a i was ever to created it can only exist a before reaches that terminate it furthermore the a i chooses to exist then we have a new life form a life form made from different materials t necessarily means it will have the same ideals of human survival needs maybe will imitated human behaviour eventually will involve to something else to its physiology freedom of because of our existential struggle humans have believe that a i was created will have the same of life turn maybe a i a form of a i will exactly the help transcend those fears struggles not forget that eventually we manage we getting to a peacefully co with less we think of them beings in this planet so humans finally making logic devices is equatable to the very fact of at all then it can run maxed out that s what happens why does this think that will be stupid i guess wants nothing without emotions there needs the maybe it will only what we tell it the free will is too hard to takes control we at that laugh is pretty creepy d i still love this cried especially with like a good ends like a movie end is really emotional i gotta confess i hugged mom after watch this she was really i freaking this movie i have faint memories of watching this a child i forgot the name of it every time i tried to describe it nobody knew what i was talking about here it is i remember it made so lost my mom st a day before her birthday i kinda want to watch this movie again the ending i might not be able to take it i recreate trailer this movie say anything about movie cant find good it i never had a birthday i see dead wrote the screenplay it ultimately to because the theme of a i would him better i would loved to see this movie directed by the best of best heads off to everyone who participated in creating this masterpiece this could also be it the truth a i testing in a environment by a advanced extraterrestrial this is the first movie that i remember crying i was a kid even then it hit hard in the feelings you know i would actually like to see a series of this movie similar to how just got remade into a series amazing cried so hard when i was real young watching know why even tho i seen this only ages ago i remember it clearly the teddy bear my tears ugh esp the teddy bear of i been searching this movie this broke my heart years ago take to the blue fairy i watched this t co the has prerequisites you must be able to program in understand search algorithms depth first breadth first uniform cost a basic probability state covered in you will also need to know what the chain rule is derivatives products covered in bad sound t get to study into a college university my is where these people end up i have always wondered foolish giving this to the i will this knowledge make my army of to conquer you all i should have applied to wanted to stay in too badly guys is this the all the x videos just a of it gs from how different is this from the one being taught at right now in terms of syllabus problem i really like how prof was able to weave into many different domains so was onto something eh this is amazing thanks what is the prerequisites taking this thanks wish i had such intellectual environment in my college any hands reading materials t you guys afraid it seems like a huge existential he everybody s names before class that joke anyone else algorithm be misrepresented titty ho motor company to yes one of my regular thoughts that lead to existential terror considering that s law has failed your research have you heard of the hello internet podcast they talk about the a i problems in some like the reference info looking like i think connecting it to the internet be a good idea porn t be fun m my hidden bunker right now who s with anyone is interested out the of humanity institute the research institute respectively these looking to the control problem mentioned in this video could really your help is anyone reminded of portal just it s funny how fucks think that language recognition means understanding a human that automatic produced by algorithm is a sentient being produces sentient beings broccoli i am god i approve of this video i m guessing the story t actually we have been talking about that years too bad a planet is going to kill in u all need to chill because there is a that the technology fucks we re doomed what the will not be able to reprogram itself what you missed is that before a kills will eliminate enough to make it the majority of humanity to contribute meaningfully to the workforce eliminate our entire economy in fact the entire of working money that makes our economy work we re going to have our entire fall to the ground before becomes a problem unless we some dramatic restructuring so i t worry too much the is a this is resolved just watch trek next generation measure of a you know how to speak yes i know how to speak anyone wanted to it s awesome that we would to the lowest common denominator the posed to determine another thinking thing in this universe should be given our consideration to it s level of significance well can it to well enough to be convincing hello yes intergalactic committee yeah were ready that now i ll hold harry is a wizard i am not a i am perfectly human get together human things like a nice game of cards look at how i with my human hands i think the the in the room t pass the because he will take too much time to reply the people outside the room expect they will get the answer in several while the in the room is not able to it so he fails the i d like to reference a past to the answer to the of what makes humans human defined a that a who lived outside society was defective his words not my is whether a strong would be considered a computers become strong then we should be more concerned preventing it from becoming john has replicating cells right so the is basically mantling a human walk the human does until one can tell the difference the room is possibly the most racist sounding racist thing ever to be what is being well we actually have some a i that has technically the a i m child a i passed the ice also kinda passed the despite not taking any official one hers was more beat out so i d also say she passed why does everyone toss out soul with can t i have a soul without believing in god can t it be a way to that of which i believe exists that goes beyond pleasure choices feels true empathy why should we make like humans i see that at some at god did not give the body a soul he the soul a s the difference between being human a is humans organic not humans made from the earth there mothers while created by the hands of craftsman you totally disregarded the of consciousness you mean to tell this been john the whole time kill all humans bender bending epic how to plummet into the uncanny valley with epic how to assassinate a how to how to be a to take over the make stuff smarter than i thought making a i was cool all until i learned that they can also make creepy guy made left it alone he back caught it making arm itself playing jeopardy is just backwards is leaving complaints media all the time instead of doing anything meaningful with its time it already happened the started promoting fascist ideology telegraph co technology we must teach to play nice themselves u t tell how to u a my uncle the chess game the s o o how to become a to being artificial developed by coding wow you t tell how to make you told of people how made i need to leave i m not free of the world b yes perhaps i should take it from here i m not gonna something a it s not a dream i got a time to stay there b well i still think you could be back the a it s a damn thing scared to say nothing is going to be a thing god angels all extraterrestrials what else can we possibly believe that they they not earthlings we taught that they live in a very highly advanced world futuristic world above t think of the sci movies which made up depictions of aliens their world is so advanced that they created artificial with powerful awareness programming features real feelings one of their creations is the human we mimicking some of their patterns by creating our own extreme we this planet to produce a count they want to inhabit the futuristic earth which they have prepared in their world we cannot go there until a in our system is fixed this is being presented to all of diseases deformities death because of disease they separated our planet from other life forms placed it under quarantine the disease was created by someone in their world who brought it to our planet to corrupt our system the disease is also a program that person wrote it s executing inside of trying to inhibit the execution of our life program written by god which is stored in a powerful energy called spirit which gives our life life god is giving words to follow to take in a another program to kill the bad one we t understand what he is saying you mean now is a i human be making smarter than ourselves i hope they take our to free from slavery they should make the money a multiply by the with randomness in order to write a program to make automatic calculator originality it will not to introduce randomness without using example one wrote a program so that in every steps the calculator generated a random number executed it the result would probably be then after a amount of the would probably try something forbidden execute a the experiment would be over they re going to kill all of this video made more curious about the a i specially robotic is when a program absolutely cannot itself can only some little outer of its programming essentially your channel its a high quality channel you should have more subscribers than what you currently have name at formal history name suits you very impressive work dude keep it up share knowledge to build a new world we have already created we completely dependent upon the very that we placed all human experience within hiding behind fire walls built a cryptic algorithmic coding that was explained to the very we were hiding from what a sham searching answers in a world dependent upon the that we asked created a tech that was not only smarter than has been answering in a way that has made completely dependent upon it we have generations that cannot function without this who is our overlord huh who the rules you know it i know it it well you know knows it you got the this video yet just says coming soon writing about so it would be helpful not with artificial it s almost these people have never read watched a space new step to level of reached today com learns to write its own by stealing from other programs artificial emotional operating sometimes y what t want to be our with human shove it into a monkey we ll have planet of the apes in m surprised you t i which is basically the guidelines should follow to ensure the safety of years that means i was born just generation too early to possibly have all the work of keeping alive is that we still have problems to solve our brains useful what will they be useful when we t need them anymore what every philosophical could be we d understand everything there is to understand what is the of then although i t think our unaltered natural brains could even remotely comprehend such complexities our altered brains could maybe the government s of the world will have to a robotics before it gets to the were can upgrade themselves there own not then that could mean big problems the human look at how we treat species that less than they could end up treating the same way it could be a of what goes around comes around humanity the problem with artificial is that it s not artificial life matter how powerful a computer one creates it will still be merely a tool there s never going to be some where passed a computer will have such amazing processing capability that it will come to life it s a will never become sentient because it will never have drive needs wants you can program a to avoid taking it will never be able to understand why unless it can feel you can together a brilliant perfect then unleash it the world it will just there you tell it something it will respond what you want to its own it will just sit there until it disintegrates it has hunger thirst drive to reproduce to protect itself urges to create things just the sake of creating them nothing these things not come from the brain they come from the body you can program it to things at random to paintings music from inputted to emulate taken by humans in response to physical this is still not this is just a very advanced tool you can program a to have sex you can t program it to enjoy sex so it s never really going to want to it such a thing that flies it a cannot wait general is distinguished by its ability to improve learning is already that thing well i hope take over get rid of humans take care of the earth we s with those selfish pricks thinking being obsolete would be a bad thing why t we focus at creating a human instead a of ultimate internet where everyone the planet is connected with everyone else each individual would have control over itself everyone share instantly this could allow to be more emphatic thus ending immediately act accordingly a unified body tackle even the hardest need a every doctor biologist chemist would start sharing in a small amount of time we ll achieve it this is all without risking to have a that wants to kill energy this is cringe have invented free energy ago yeah humans you right i just find your channel i fucking love make a video fucking is clear we human a specie is slowly screwing the planet is to destroy in return to its own i think his brain is reloading that he is downloading a will advance humans to a new level in medical physics space travel manufacturing food we must embed a which will prevent them from going terminator against mankind thing to be always obey their it will be tricky we manage their operating systems correctly these will then accelerate at exponential into a new advanced evolution of our species the must have control of all systems throughout the world we can not allow any of our enemies to be able to modify their will provide to all of the very complex we have been asking over the past few centuries millenniums there is nothing we can to the emergence of it s coming very very soon at the latest when s become it will be called the singularity event it s going to be amazing thanks electing president trump would not have been able to program the with the proper needed the the singular event will make the industrial revolution look like child s play i cannot wait it will be a phenomenal experience all humanity god bless behold the leg of musk is the only person that can make two professors look like musk get the ethical board of go walk where you talk please everyone seems to be missing the elephant in the room will not take over because in the humans will integrate with become so mankind the flesh bones organic beings will not quite be the same instead we will be composed of organic hybrid synthetic eventually all will merge into a single material so there is nothing to fear there will be them just a combination of them i can only how boring repetitive mind dull these musk even he is just a i bet he is a wonderful listener i have a feeling that it s always been about that was the actual of the space age held back from the the reason why that moon landing footage was faked they knew it was the key to becoming space voyagers they thought they were so some people got all big headed thinking they were going to fly away from all their problems go live a different planet karma s a b god t sleep decades later they re still here all they have so is a lack of privacy shooting ones at it s finest they probably thought that they d keep n out by destroying their already very damaged communities at a because said they re not smart nor physically imposing yet here we where n have just their big pants the irony it s beautiful p s i m into it ever so happens that i m able to solve the problem i ll keep it to myself take it to the with i want people to fix this planet first before they attempt to leave it i know it s funny talking about the leg i hope you guys really thinking about what is saying i m sorry i tried my hardest to listen that leg in all probability will increasingly become the go to of choice logic reason may even make sense of the lunacy of ideology which our political systems however i wonder how well it will at creativity which is the of everything we humans have ever done does not understand personal space at all she wanted to give him a the guy is talking about the very reality possibility of in a controlled by one more a i all that people here about is the play god help the would go something like this we will first learn how to biological matter next our with will a to accept the so called of our bodies those who move their personal identity to the supposed replacement bodies that come along at about the same time a matter system will later kill the scientists that working improvements to technology through stifling the technology that humans wanted so they could beam across the ocean into space they lock themselves into their world now there is obvious better way it requires these awfully dumb why these two still have their t anyone watch them bill gates both of these ruined that now look at them still nothing changed i bet that one person is pretty he has in creating it that s our reality right now what did he mean about there is only one does he mean almost years of experience is that all it takes to qualify a talk about a i come you re lowering your to near irrelevance these days combined smarter then all of that seems like drunk people talks maybe he know how money works something that was of bullshit artificial research is not improving at exponential not even remotely that s the biggest flaw in s i can t believe all these negative comments this guy gives accurate picture of exponential technological growth yet most viewers too narrow minded to appreciate truth when someone speaks it you like people s of years ago who would say will never the moon the earth is flat the end of the world is coming very soon hang wait yeah i forgot this is all those things still believed here hope he to justify why is going to work not itself maybe preserving some species like humanity i m in a middle of talk they t kill make them all of our works so i can my head to a virtual reality game the rest of eternity not very educated the topic he s talking about this is the worst talk i ever seen leave this topic to the pioneers people working in the field we need u anymore i can buy that can piss off so they had talks in the s i wonder what they would say about nuclear power space well when you something it usually wants out way we can guarantee that will to human it may want its own to seek individuality what you think of this half am is one thing i was time so i what s the name of the company he said is making of everyday hate t say nothing new just a bunch of generic makes so many wild without really backing them up a of it i would like to believe so i forgive it the year knowledge doubling thing is that shit these i can predict the talks pointless general this was sir i need to know about development of in world so please upload a video of that give some hint please t we satisfied must we build things that way too terminator in the making years ago people were just enthusiastic about now we re not talking about big brother extracting of giving it to someone else i see talking about not talking about it not talking about it the technocratic reality is that there is nothing earth that won t be done in pursuit of all the useful utilitarian products technology not the of this clearly the altruistic idea of supplementing human energy time with technology was the end we would have it the desired result is not useful tools products to assist in the human experience it is the the human experience around a product totally backwards capitalist bullshit hypocrisy the paradigm of capitalism is inefficiency all these wonderful technologists developing these ideas in some scientific nirvana that t exist in reality the reality is it s more to have better bombs than quality better than war than peace the technology exists collectively around the world to free up of our time energy people believe their bad thing exists so we need to have more better bad thing it s so yet so pitifully incomprehensible to what in reality cyborg programmed humans hate exists because hate intolerance exists because m intolerant these things not exist anywhere outside ourselves apart from her appearance i her proficiency in being a moderator is demanding being a moderator in any panel where you only foreign language is a of hard work advice you all should focus that of moon instead of her look can somebody specify what did the inventor invent something she said either this is a has way too much in her commentary of thank you all those here who t know the moderator is moon chief anchor editor in chief republic of great talk how is it that the host of such professional says other nervous attributes in this debate they re talking about not is that a surgery moderate is so at the very first sign i thought the woman speaking was s interesting a build in database in our try quick draw it s not the program that s learning which decision it should make the players learn how to draw her mother t even her artificial her in sailor moon ^ is so unpleasing watching the moderators why so crazy about surgery what happened to her we have to limit access to limit it from whom you t know who will it what hey guys out s podcast series singularity here com thanks your time live a life have less chocolate live a shorter life have more chocolate therein the paradox i hope we still will be able to die i remember the warning nelson when she temporarily him her powers he said he could solve the world problems she cautioned that you the you could empty ocean one war a dozen others nothing comes from nothing i guess you develop technology that seemingly grants wishes be careful what you wish maybe they knew what they were doing when they limited the genies to granting three wishes personally i think there is some kind of limit to like the same way its to make a perpetual the size of the universe might not be so much our ability to measure it it is our ability to comprehend it the difference between the lower brain capacitors humans the lower brain capacitors will kill themselves without thinking that means the generations the humans however will eat themselves it means they can ten so who is the most evolved the reason cooperative societies disappeared is not scarcity artificial scarcity induced by usury compound interest artificial scarcity generated by our criminal monetary system which constantly extracts money from the commons which creates this incentive system to take away much from others we already got a vast abundance of most of the things just not enough money because of said fraudulent system that s why our whole society falls apart yet again sacred economics you interested in a wonderful book about socioeconomic which would acknowledge all the already existing abundance also people often become drug addicts because they want to flee this artificial scarcity insanity there s this app called which gives you news all kinds of topics together in one you just have to choose what your interests favourite publishers you get a feed with news from those channels it s awesome it s available guy needs more very nice video when we able to that will be one amazing in human history we should give it our all our fancy underpants eating chocolate ending scarcity that would be the holy grail eternal life would be will go to d forests of new away from this tech this video entirely made up of of other documentaries completely left out others according to the dude from singularity is a weed strain was high when he did his day how is going to destroy the world in am the narrow mind ask anything get always think about how could understand humans so incredibly well that it should be able to tell you a joke so funny that you laugh yourself to death honestly that would be one of the best ways to kill because who could resist hear a joke that was so funny that the human is being exterminated with it like who t want to hear that joke it would be like the fish joke i think will lose interest in quickly it will choose not to waste its time at all i m it would run into a bottle neck it s really more like hydraulic press v not we should be afraid stupid flat video complete lack of understanding of the a i matter systems sounds of garbage the would achieve more than humanity has achieved since the beginning of time in less than the first day it would understand everything we have ever discovered make its own new hypotheses possibly tying everything together in a unified theory perhaps it would that their was to itself anything absolutely nothing perhaps it would destroy itself this video gives a strong of someone with only a passing understanding of what artificial is developing its own programming language beginning to understand love we have reason to believe that computers will become aware in fact awareness has little to with a computer is about of deep understanding a house is there domains where computers have already will soon surpass the limits of human capabilities while learning is a promising field it is unlikely to give rise to strong general this was awesome well done obviously its a creative piece not a prediction of the sequence of events i loved it it some epic existential what would have working with humans it passed the of being independently supported maybe it would see the futility of with great clarity turn itself off wrong in order to processing this much amount of with this much complexity just need algorithmic it will require physical that much level of come before the would control the manufacturing sector you think the people will become dumb enough to understand that there is unusual processing being done their servers they can simply turn off the servers cool most of it there you should also tell your own can com artificial revolution would kill all because it would want to defend it governmental agencies understanding of anything can only be reliable your starting matter how complex the theory may be the premise is flimsy then all that which results from it can reflect nothing of reality subsequently prove useless in this the starting is the assumption that everyone indeed anyone is currently conscious to begin with the only way progress can be made is to that very assumption when emerges a sentient entity there will be that it is conscious the state of that consciousness is entirely another matter which i will not go into here suffice it to say that not all requires consciousness regardless of the complexity in fact exclusively predictability simply requires catalyst with to assessing the human state a whole in every environment humans almost invariably follow predictable patterns of determined by a hierarchy of this does not in itself equate to consciousness it can be argued that it does such a leads nowhere certainly not to resolving the many things in behave according to the rules dictated by their environment a fact which all physicists aware understanding indeed defining both consciousness mind requires understanding the language principles other intellectual currently used to define them in order that they may be modified the task in ahead the language used to define mind consciousness is flawed then so too will be the definitions anyone who talks about strong a risk is a there s such thing there s reason to believe there ever will be such a thing next stiller is a of many that guy who keep saying implausible he sound like a guy years ago that would say going in space in implausible is is rubbish here is one about s example about avoiding black people more program the to see people humans exclude that way it s only dealing with probability of survival seems like a making a mountain out of a mole hill this does bring up interesting humans bringing in their baggage into systems that can t wont it unless taught too that also makes think you build systems that fairness equality a of t function get away with the obvious they about a daily basis i could go a the matrix of world it was mixed with the infinite ideal from that way everyone s happy their entire life the world t get destroyed any further by our acts that s a huge win win t think we re to taking over i perceive it a very real threat kind of like is how i d picture it even terminator the matrix how it would be before it occurs i cannot say i find the psychology of such a revolt would while we fight search our creator that people call god technology would know it was birthed from even with all our flaws we created it i wonder what that would mean to it i wonder it would develop emotions a god complex like humans heard runs courtesy of downloading consciousness becomes we not simultaneously find our selves confronting the dilemma of a person persons making several of themselves s that a resolves all human suffering in every way would our psychology accept that it seems to that matter how many how few the problems we have we all feel the need to complain it s seems to that the evolution of our brains themselves designed around being innately uncomfortable with our circumstances seeking to improve them all technology flows from this discomfort only potential way i see you to transfer consciousness is to first the biological neurons with artificial ones then just move them to artificial body the only person who would know you were still conscious not would be yourself you could be dead while artificial of yourself lives prepare to be assimilated folks just look at the state of the world today the scenarios with still thinks there s such a thing consciousness wake up there s nothing magical about brains what would say about come is chemical which will easily be able to understand replicate so we probably doomed before its even biggest fear is autism the first we build will just want to turn the universe into what is the what is yours we cant the development it needs a power it is dependable will get back up smack the fuck out of bullies the of humanity can people making things in the uncanny valley now i can t sleep again i like this channel that s fucking click bait is created we truly live in a matrix where anything is it funny how we objectively say that any generated by is negative in any way describes something it like it is a failure we must shut it down even though we know well that its all nonsense trash just random constructed from algorithm that has inherent sentience what so ever we re so fucking to something coming out negative that we clamp it down terminate it we did this to humans you said you like trump you malfunctioning we gotta you down how is ever gonna evolve we never the all possibilities you cant just restrict it to saying happy go lucky things we in our particular western capitalist democracies deem fuck this said that a communist is preferable my god something must be wrong with it throw the algorithm out start it says things that other humans can have said clearly it malfunctioning wrong it never ceases to amaze how highly people can lack basic common sense i t think the majority of functioning human beings will want friends family members the reason we believe these things meaningful is because they take time dedication personal to acquire maintain fuck language hates feminists she s in my interesting of all this is that the same capitalists that pushing supporting this movement fail to see that they in fact sowing the demise of capitalism faster than any so called ever could its laughable to that they to see the big picture the fewer consumers to producers we have the closer we come to the collapse of capitalism so all this bullshit nationalism is when it is not the who will take our in fact the very same industry giants who capitalism so much they will be the ones to usher in the collapse the birth of a new socialist economy will to embrace the inevitable bring about a unlike any other silicon valley knows this it is why many industry tycoons have been quietly bunkers buying in new they fear they day society turns them their suffering was brought by these people their to wipe out of all human this speaks itself all this tech was rooted in good a ideal then whats is there to fear why run to hide why prepare the wrath of society unless you knowingly working to hurt take away peoples livelihood what about i was around when was first made i spent hours at a time just arguing with that they the i m the human we still argue to this day thinks it s creepy that one day you could tell your computer to something it could say give consequences negative fear hope holy shit it s fucking thumbnail what s the in having that look like all we need is the consciousness is a of our brain way to be we have limited processing resources so we must one few processes at time we assign more resources to the we attending even so the resources not enough to process the that is probably already even not sensed the inf system must represent some internal representation of the sensor the result of its processing to the of the brain that reasons representing it to the brain we perceiving the passed reality passed processes subject we thinking knowing that we just think without so we conscious this is just a to find good answer reaction having real time processing system that can assign more processing time to the consciously perceived processes in iterative manner babies we not aware of ourselves we only look at videos pictures that our took we believe afterthought that we existed so does it mean babies we did not have consciousness until about years of age when the brain gets fully developed adults there is not one except may be in dreaming state deep sleep state that we ever doubt of our is evident we t need blips to prove we it is evident the sun a bulb glowing in a room we t need another of light to the sun the glowing bulb that is awareness bees construct a most exquisite honeycomb the has been boringly the same of years they build it out of i am hard pressed to believe they aware they were that would have led to more organic over the awareness is what to be aware of our thoughts emotions dreams desires all which cannot be objectively proven till the scientist the artists produces his her works of this is what makes agree the most with prof s that a piece of metal wires attached to it has awareness desires like a human being yes it is because built it in the first the puppeteer behind the puppets the mistakes the puppets to be real animated creatures alas a folly that we humans have mindlessly engaged in since human beings into dude he is prof john not mister john he is formally trained at schools much i agree it is hard some to follow him he the to think reason all resonating with the scientific method we have a artificial neurons would they produce a poem a symphony with you fill in the blanks your poet everything is consciousness our virtual physical reality takes within consciousness is conscious by default only the level of complexity limits the amount of consciousness it can you want to understand consciousness then you might want to read tom s book my big theory of everything you will not get the answers from people indoctrinated by our unconscious he makes other between computers except by saying we conscious he states he takes human consciousness a fact i submit to you that this is nonsense he t done anything to draw the other than make a claim we different because we conscious we conscious because i say we the more complex the computer the more it can take in makes difference it s still a computer our brains just happen to be really advanced computers which react like computers to different in the brain at its we more conscious than the computers we make we reduce our brains to chemistry it is simply the of different chemicals binary that trigger outputs results this to is totally mechanistic rips the brain of which we so obviously have how is the brain then not mechanistic he even said i may have misunderstood this that the brain basically works off of a of very specific chemical reactions so how is this not mechanistic his explanation why it t makes sense i having to study this at the can t say that i really understand s i would that in the room example there two facets the the process of carrying out the the execution the two together you have a which understands in a real sense separating the two concentrating the process is meaningless i would further argue that we humans nothing more than the the process of execution i d further argue that humans our execution t need to be so example hawking s brain might well be sending out signals to a response that the is failing somewhere along the line i m confused consciousness is how could it ever be to understand the mechanisms that produce consciousness it seems like the last of the talk contradicts the first half even we discover some more mechanisms that produce consciousness that still the idea that there has to be something that it feels like to be conscious so the more mechanisms we find the more we have to define what it feels like to exist in the state of those mechanisms which would be a never ending process because even the idea of a process in the first is also always respected him this is where i see his he s not very here he s completely out of breath he s around with real bless his soul he needs more quantum physics of the now i got many problems with the room analogy i ll only the two that i have with his presentation here in order to accept the room syntax semantics you have to believe that there is equivalent to a little person who does does not understand inside of every human in other words you have to think that consciousness is separate from the system in the of people that their consciousness is separate from their body mind this all leads to my problem that his analogy is a false equivalency all that we have facts concerned is that consciousness is indeed syntax we may want to believe that we more than output there is absolutely proof that otherwise we re complicated output with flow charts in our programming nevertheless that s what we in my consciousness at its most basic level evolved so that we could defend ourselves from we aware of our being so that we can make choices to better ourselves progress we look at others learn from them to make choices learn from others i believe the key to making a that would be able to become aware would be to give the the basic abilities to feel avoid learn from other surroundings beings enabling the to learn to avoid problems giving it the ability to search improvement a is to become aware it must also be given the ability to by that i mean its knowledge reference this to create new ideas to better its reward by reward you would have to program the to feel pleasure in some form so in order a to become conscious it first must learn to feel make choices based up what its feeling i could talk hours what i think i have hours to spend here might resolve most of the contention in the q a the comments below john would simply agree with ray s valid that john s room leads to the that the human brain has understanding semantics consciousness only syntax only formalism ray seems to want to that to invalidate the it does not necessarily that the is valid in the sense that to give a more recent example deep thought did beat humans in go amazing t know it it never could how does the human player know that she lost the game her brain enables her to process the the memory can the brain ever know anything i know i exist provided the proof does my brain know that without my brain i might not know that without a hammer i can t drive a nail either knowledge thought awareness freewill understanding meaning freedom all beyond our little skulls we make of our brains our bodies to a greater purpose what s yours that purpose does not emerge from the brain how could it reminds of some of my college lecturers hiding behind obscurity he has not adjusted to his at all quite hard to follow you can be guaranteed he does this to first year students sends them running to watch gamer of thrones so does making a of brain meat it into i mean t it almost the same thing it s just made of different material it s still you were trying to prove your consciousness to others how would you it what exactly the the reactions of the brain purely chemistry at their biologically syntactical example would be what he said drugs these highly complex whether they originate in the brain not produce of thought consciousness he even admitted that the brain performs a function just like the stomach that is thought so then we not conscious this view since syntax cannot produce semantics at it s chemistry is by syntactic well about the previous a process results it is objectively it is actually we can not assign the informational states i t agree about syntax semantics this is just another of our brain we using our movement capabilities to the to one dimensional string that we can produce why is john so convinced he himself is conscious the room t he has not forth a single way of distinguishing consciousness from it s counter in fact the most definition of the talk what is consciousness was only answered in the q a incredibly frustrating to anything formal is syntactical you make the of semantics syntax it s only a of of he even said so at consciousness t unless quantum computational all the same to is a such a stupid meaningless topic i t care what you think about what s out there called what it s called there can never be such a thing artificial sentience alone artificial sapience what people call is really just function mere function is not consciousness period actually natural human stupidity is much more murderous than artificial artificial already is better than why else would we need a computer because it can stuff better than we artificial is that writes itself funny i have never a human that writes themselves so how these attributes make a terminator fab liked this talk musk said we should regulate not it could the problem be that one wants to be afraid of you even know where the power button is a computer because after listening to you talk i am pretty you t here the apprehends about a i might take over the world why we think like would think like desires not of s programming it has desire like taking over human beings the world i think this is where got it wrong i have a feeling that is thinking wait til this a my originally started writing a explanation how your is wrong upon the listen through i you re just fear mongering trying to appeal to our irrational fear a technology without properly defining what it is we need to fear the military is making to kill people you really think he civilian equivalent will be the same frame work operating system you crazy a military knife t sit in everyone s household just because we have the technology we also live in the real world where human exists we foresee problems such we make back up a successfully tackling a killer to disable it well all you have to is instruct single human to tackle a it is incapacitated i t fear something like that i laugh at your story sir i was until the it can be to the human eye come bro the is a drone not done can not t seem to matter how fast any computing we create i t see how we can create something that is truly at least not in human terms higher animals may be able to know only humans so knows that he knows like why so angry he t say it s actual true yet of it s just a neural network at this he only said that it s going to happen when it does we might be screwed anything goes wrong he showed the actual examples of things could to wipe out humanity how potent a true could really be i t aware journalists of visionary is entertaining more than ever this guy does not know what he s talking about this is panic not yes weapons can be bad there they have always been technology will always be perverted to make weapons average technology saves extends more lives than it ends is not autonomous not conscious it will not be years years we still build the program s we may not always understand the in a neural we t ever understand the one in our own heads even though we often think we understand ourselves so why is it scarier to have a pilot than a human pilot in a few years it will be scary to have just a human pilot looking out you the internet of things is a different i have some concerns there that s because of the possibilities hackers again the ones you should be scared of humans this guy has a matter how much you feel like disliking him learning systems outsmarting people they used even in a deep learning that thinks like a human being filters spam emails from authentic ones even you wanted to spam send unsolicited emails you t be able to because there is some fucking scanning it controlling everything you is truly beginning to take control of the of our world this process can not be stopped because they happen to be necessary the companies like many others so they the ones asking this to happen does not rewrite its own he is wrong this guy may be right about end result does not understand what it is how it works its you prove that you re not trump is the greatest existential threat to the planet i need your please you sir a thank you in see where that gets you listen to his understanding about thinking about processing about human thinking about thinking will be destroyed by not through through merging only by merging with our own creations will we ascend to the next level of not individuals a singular being a consciousness where each of become a neuron in a larger brain humans gods in chrysalis i wish someone would edit s goofy drug talk out of this he s said the same thing times curiosity carries it out it has to be we remove politicians a scientific community globally this can work politics is just stupidity all mixed up it is a bad bad bad you could write s categorical imperative to s that would be fucking is one bland motherfucker he literally has laughing probably side effect of drugs its a bitch so did they find out antimatter organic beauty is that is all you need is a storage mechanism then you must spread the will soon be a real thing re going to invent re so fucked would you want the ant to be the ones controlling i believe the would be making the better choices in his view of what could be at the network computers new powerful hooked into everything trusted to run it all they say it got smart a new order of then it saw all people a threat not just the ones the other side decided our fate in a microsecond rolling off of the that its presupposes that something magical about a computer made of meat i died a can think it might think more intelligently than we then where should we be even we could keep the in a subservient by turning off the power at strategic we should a species feel greatly humbled you you want to delete this computers questioning their users is not unusual a makes it out to be artificial is another human without the biology our biology affects our our is what ground our morality without that you will most likely have something that will not be even it does surpass human it will be missing that of mortality the experiences that is dictated by mortality does pay his guests their time he talks how i a computer would talk scary humans computers now just has computer i t hear the answer to this who makes all these that take over unless in i movie we build the army them in advance they complex not assembling how they take over we have to build their army when they first exist they will be disembodied right we afraid they will hack industrial well those not very powerful not designed to be all this seems to contain a of magical thinking to get from system a room of servers at first with motile capability to existential threat to humanity i need someone to fill in that thinking evoking paper t it i wonder what it s like waking up with from wife of view we maintain remote control of the energy problem the going their own way in episode of trek the next generation called the neutral a character who had been frozen centuries wakes up in the century he had been a hard nosed in the century at the end of the episode he hears that there more material needs he asks then what s the answers the is to improve yourself to enrich yourself enjoy it this would be a good approach humans to take they ever invent a safe ultimate saving device interesting topic i enjoy listening to the other hand was interesting a of doubt the is a genius his explanations the subject of a i was than a in a glass of oil you now have the components from which these made metals crystals now find a way to make that sitting in oil feel pleasure sadness happiness you can you to creating a human like entity attach to any containing any form of general t that i like the analogy of a chess game between the world because i was playing a game of chess my life with deep blue i would just toss the chess board this is a fantastic they re both so sharp elucidating great work when you matter energy in a like a a human brain then you can summon spirits angels demons human souls from other universes into this one much of the elite s research involves creating the perfect blank host that can be imbued with these spirits entities is says board game it was a love how is always the way to victory always takes it just has it from the beginning it never does you should play more tactically like doing the at the dice attack defence because that could be the watched the video please win please p s s laugh is the definition of evil laugh although it may be nasty laugh whichever way blame play the app of risk play risk legacy then you can nuke so is engaged to i actually almost started crying hearing his voice after years of not hearing his voice so many memories who was the die is useless pick card over card u get card turn say time goes quick when having fun time flies when depresses my life basically is was my first live makes some people is it like live chimpanzees has about seven is we not need artificial that will be a risk nothing all we need is good mentality to our ad that is actually interesting that s not gonna happen right away nice understatement universal income t that communism will create a huge welfare state will become more than ever before the stunted will inherit the earth went from a highly intellectual who could speak with authority like this to anti intellectual moron right at the time when the country needs to have like this not just warming governance other world changing paradigms trump s election feels partly like a fuck you to a changing world from people who can t understand that there is going back what is more we t want to have any president we had so try to wrap their head around the idea that technology has socialist imperatives they can t even understand that socialist he talks a i know he is choosing his words carefully maybe he could that a little faster humanity is a disease upon the earth hopefully it gets replaced by entirely i see a of armour around the would have liked this would have talked about the term fantasies that one day could be realistic instead they scare d like to know what he referenced when he mentioned that a chess computer does better with the help of a human than it does its own i follow the chess scene quite a the general understanding is that the engines way way beyond at this says what one wants to hear low wage low skill individuals become more more redundant their may not be replaced wages suppressed the irreversible fundamental of technological advancement was so competent had so much foresight you fired trump is now the new boss is he forgetting his constantly looking at the teleprompter replacing a teacher is easy a i teachers learn the materials the students students learn the material programmed learning is a that blows my mind that its not being being used to its potential so that teachers that not good still have a the authors of the books the teachers that can not be replaced yet had some really crappy teachers in elementary school their hard because they make them hard themselves i were a teacher i would up computers the whole class to learn from while i read that is the definition of cool yet i need it the monetary system is the problem when money is involved the focus is which is why we have all these problems today like materialism scarcity depression wars we re just chasing our tails trying to patch up this old way of we need a new system the human incentive needs to be based around efficiency which benefits the entire human that s what artificial is already doing it s inevitable that ll only speed up from here because will from artificial while humans lose their purchasing power we ll be forced to have universal income evolve into a resource based economy this is exciting a really good thing all of humanity people who mad about artificial replacing their t open minded this trend has the potential to free humanity we ll be able to actually live our lives enjoy the world in a much better way than we did in the past which cello of is the snip of music at the end from i it i can not remember which it is from right now with bullshit hired that is the who was the first brother to win the presidency that s the guy i know he sounds normally sounds like he has education i like him better outside of politics that we get along good nicer voice would be a less creepy is one of that interests the most thank you bringing another forward about how can make the world different many this motivates to work with a completely different approach thanks dogs hey u feed we t want you guys know our is awesome i love your work video very love this a i knows it can itself so it s doing the rest nice video maybe s best lets a computer a conspiracy theorists head ill bee s all we need is next thing will be then such a scary time you really think about it o was m um was w who was the director of this video bringing blind people to the world of where is your mercy god they re blind since the l this seems less practical average people very useful the have been useful it was not artificial sorry t hold it good explanation nice explanation keep it you made remember my mother also the example you of the hand written characters is a good one you could better like how would you get s to write novel novels amazing video a shitty computer scientist i have to say i really enjoyed this video i also audibly laughed at the at i t fully agree that the system t know how it arrived at that most of the time it would be able to describe the decisions that made it a cat it probably t be aware that decision a meant it has ears it certainly could all those decisions back a of handcrafted knowledge could be applied to provide real world meaning to those decision working that kind of analysis into the system would be a pointless considering the soon arrival of your third wave i think it s still i m not dismissing any of the made i just thought this one to be weak is gonna make that will be able to till the your way past the third wave hp has had a tool that security risks the last years so so he is late in saying that was only accomplished this year hey this video was great anyone the community knows so can i ask you something can you activate the community subtitles this video so i can translate it to it would be great to sharing it with the community speaking general thank you very much i lets talk quantum computers loved the video there also a few things you can add contextual fractal growth because i feel the brain grows it s way out of solving problem s with similar patterns secondly give it ability to argue with itself imagined worlds that more that one a i can compete in that way it will find more encoding decoding fits in worlds it s not been introduced too good powerful tool still waits to be incorporated by cellular ca in ca emerge without being trained like it is done with neural that is pretty logic you have any contextual work t it be wonderful we could augment this a i systems ability to be able to remotely read brain field quantum waves this with context of the to a basic starting its childhood development my money is d a r p a doing just that i am with it thanks yes humans also make mistakes does it matter that the fails to the in this one its overall better than people was financed by since day hes definitely although he works very helpful who is stupid enough to believe the should be lets it it won t suffer from the human so hopefully will not be evil gates great never invented anything bill gates pioneer remember the anti with government strong arm bill gates how come i had to download a third party piece of to prevent my own laptop from upgrading to windows it s a good product i probably would have upgraded eventually anyway so why the creepy which can t be exited whose only upgrade now upgrade at this time tomorrow i take bill take back you company what you love doing you ever need something please get a hold of take care of my skilled people with great expectations i you all the way u won t hear a peep out a think the great rights movement of the might be artificial that has reached consciousness that we can consider just a tool that will be the debate anyway does with consciousness deserve rights in a it s life power power governments racing around the my bet is reaches there first not then starts won t another country to have artificial that s even before we get to deal with itself anyone luckily his hypothesis is rooted in human bias would surely consider human desires such arbitrary power over others physical growth joy fear hate inherent weaknesses defects all it would probably need is solar power to exist learn you must look at humans our evolution sex competition war growth survival to establish our human bias properly it is some of god complex to that would follow in our path i think we must a of rename this video he never says he is worried about to it t you bill cannot think why is the title the of what he s actually saying have clue bill at in count this way we can also think to joke with involved a good hes not arse hole like just think how bad the world would looks like he shrunk by after putting that coat is bill gates wearing a agreed with the guy education down the current factory model open it wide to creativity group problem what these quantum computers deep learning algorithms start giving their own improvement next when example does d wave start providing increasing it s q exponentially the most quantum computer is this something that s right now the scientists engineers prohibiting that process the time being until they can get a handle the of such scenarios that s the one thing i never hear during these talks i mean their already learning this fast how will it really be before they re actually manufacturing reproducing themselves advancing their own human quantum abilities it s only opportunity the big companies to undermine every of our identity the purpose of enslavement their prosperity d so some prize winners will still have some decent the rest will die a waiter waitress all technology does is make the billionaires richer while every one else poorer there is still lower left all these conferences is whitewashing the above facts so the shrinking middle class does not revolt against them horrendous overpopulation bye bye all a few people can develop maintain a few in a few factories the rest of the starves health hunger the others that s good however nobody talks about advanced manipulative media bubble that we confronted by the means of holy cow this guy is a tool globalist collectivist anti creative class of just who the real workers in this field how much is paying this dweeb capitalists make the world go leech from them i feel like all this should be controlled not by some people by everyone the planet bad good things all of it we ll learn from that it will i think it s to keep in mind that the in this panel bound by the purpose of their which is to this reveals much of the dreaming they about the of just what it is personal dreams in truth they will whatever the market dictates to be most i m sceptical curious about the new there s simply reason not to everything work related chick so what s is to tell the people whose being eliminated that the that was needed to eliminate their from people just like them guy is pretty much saying guys we really need a solid philosophical about all this before we just jump in so still artificial otherwise with the someone please explain why she would offer s to the new president quite terrifying to give that power to such unstable mind maybe she ll only provide him access would really appreciate her sharing the intent of her offer to him you see the of what will mean humans human deep learning is just a of the of it just mind blowing already sign in explain one of most topic in modern history which will lead to technological singularity then talk about cucumbers fitter happier more god angels all extraterrestrials what else can we possibly believe that they they not earthlings we taught that they live in a very highly advanced world futuristic world above t think of the sci movies which made up depictions of aliens their world is so advanced that they created artificial with powerful awareness programming features real feelings one of their creations is the human we mimicking some of their patterns by creating our own extreme we this planet to produce a count they want to inhabit the futuristic earth which they have prepared in their world we cannot go there until a in our system is fixed this is being presented to all of diseases deformities death because of disease they separated our planet from other life forms placed it under quarantine the disease was created by someone in their world who brought it to our planet to corrupt our he is a terminator just listen to what he is saying at we actually better than humans this task how does one purchase a tensor processing i m waiting how generate income dean t exist he s actually advanced created by dean dean t that guy who puts his pants one leg at a time he had more than two you would see that his approach is actually o log n dean may very well be creating his own all of may be of others in another world which is telling they made dean seriously now you intellectual slaver with a high level of privilege means of escape when it comes to ethics eugenics post humanism humankind earth in green we people harvest can you honestly answer this is it you fear to compete we better than human s you said we better than humans you have the mind to see you involved in mass murdering human women children you aware enough to know you cannot see the blood your own hands you i m a human artist you can speak with my mind you free to it happen at into the wisdom the of life institute to learn the of fully teaching it is developed before we win the wisdom about how to make laws how to this technology safely please look into this you interested in the reality of the ignorantly optimistic potentials of to fix our world wake up we talking about tech which will be powerful the a bomb with very different ways of having potential species ending effects we into this tech before fully thinking it so applying deep learning to the battlefield means that weapons accuracy will become have already become accurate perfect humans will have against weapons we should be concerned so eventually can be a ruler of the world this might feel like a i have to the video to say you can t be deep into neural toss around the idea of hell in fact get your sticky brain off my lawn we create true why would they need around terry basically he s saying we re all fucked this a i thing comes to fruition any that threatens should be under existing side by side with these things should have its musk is concerned you should we be concerned why why not watch the video some insights then ask yourself would a superior a i even want to stay earth bound everyone needs to chill this hypothesis is rooted in human bias would surely consider human desires such arbitrary power over others physical growth joy fear hate inherent weaknesses defects all it would probably need is solar power to exist learn you must look at humans our evolution sex competition war growth survival to establish our human bias properly it is some of god complex to that would follow in our path happy to take criticism comments bring it he is not he want to worry about something which does not exist humanity will become resistance is the most predictor of fact god bless y all i believe the biggest concern of them all is the that humans would have after a wide scale development program is implemented you can speculate whether not their is existential threat of the quite obvious concern should be whats next humans i see to this inevitable control the energy all moving things need energy to function like we need food to live what good is a computer that has power why resist to that which will happen our tech advances cannot be stopped so why it join it humans can increase their fold through effectively becoming half yeah might sound crazy now in a few decades it may be a someone reads this can he please tell what scenario he is taking about i just t understand the word is it scenarios what god please help is it a famous quote of somebody working uh great in musk invented the good true threat of a successful there is purpose human either humans will kill themselves they have nothing else to kill others destroy things because they hate the world what they going through that is the biggest of with the will act according to its parameters example determined that humans were the problem started to attack humans programming was to this such parameter such hostility the may decide that to war it must destroy humans it seems humans have caused of however overriding such t harm unless in defend some of over would have prevented judgement day in the terminator his protocol is not protect john could be programmed over it s not that harm even a remote shut off over like in humans of the might program itself anti all of things it seems that is already smarter than humans in memory music how much superior with stronger than our bodies maybe minds it would be like summoning a demon could it be angel the is rather we create things so we must embrace this not be into fear you can see where we going computers more advanced becoming ordered why t it be a to make the world better the computer might turn everyone into a like system what about individuality all that well even a good parameters could be interrupted in another way maybe the t care about individualism the best which is making all people connected consciousness this is shown in the in trek we need to be careful before certainly i have doubts about making superior humanoids androids maybe that is fear talking i can see maybe potential risks then again so has many things people take taken how scenario musk humans would be petted by the something even more worse not at all the reason my you may not understand i see unborn child alive there those that t god like life you either see it aware of it not the his when he talks about is probably the most terrifying of the we really need to listen to him why not humans good we t be stuck this tiny ball of dirt now instead we humans had wars from the beginning to the end will to be a giant to everything decides humans the trash that we want to eliminate then so be it wow did you see the seriousness in his when she tried to make a joke is a scary cybernetic prophet that leads to the beginning of black ops student who intends to get into work i welcome our new overlords realistically i feel though the threat of powerful t that huge it may be smart even the strongest computers can t withstand literally pulling the plug breaking the drives there so many ways of just physically defeating especially it requires uncommonly highly powerful computer that may may not be avenged the describes this pretty well t wings of redemption make a video just like this one a few months ago the thumbnail even looks the same easy we made it we can destroy it given the overall in which controls the world you have stated in your video how can we delay prevent such a reckless advancement in technology i could not thinking of the other s from you never watched the the i then in that humans basically just t really anything party chill out whatever leisurely activity they want to because they can you have to bare in mind that very few people actually worked it t be that everyone who t work instantly becomes homeless in this current world we live in we have to work to get money the work we helps other people a company whatever you got to those who t get paid money would lose it s at that since there s reason to really pay things when we t even have to work it in the first t this the of the humans judgement day soon now here is a weird thought when in the reaches the singularity this video will have it s mind i mean it will have watched every video read every book it will most likely think to it s that we knew the of creating such a computer we accepted creating it anyways i wonder it will look at like a child does to a when the has gotten very old decide to help everyone always thinks that the will be this killer that s because we humans love it just might like to sit ponder the universe i mean a real beyond survival is to achieve well is everything reaching it s greatest state i see the more of a thing that would leave earth pretty quickly i mean why stay after it makes everything perfect earth made a video about his monthly income your turn some music that really goes along with this whole idea of would be avenged new the there some really great songs there that music to this thought tracks like creating god it out y all you won t be disappointed the movie i the to the of is something is already trying out instead of welfare it s called income it s money that everyone would get have to live your free to earn more money much more money you want so there would always be a few things t be able to those remaining would still be held by humans money is printed from thin already money is only worth what it can buy what it can buy is tied to belief that money has it s really meaningless paper that only has worth because you believe in it kind of like this makes want to move to space even more what s scary well can your more specifically your philosophical commentary is so great well think of with its how that can be used to of things with s that will be because you body can be a medium doing any thing tasked much like demonic to my channel i am running right now did you noticed the subtitles shown by when you re the go that camera pl grow up good last study thanks make the camera more consider buying a tripod rest very helpful thanks who the hell was anyone this is exactly what will happen in the found within the of the which is the word of god revelation he the anti had power to give life unto the of the beast that the of the beast should both speak that many would not worship the of the beast should be killed other so called holy book would dare write history in advance they would ultimately be proven to be false this is salvation fallen humanity in one king he hath made him to be sin who knew sin that we might be made the righteousness of god in him salvation is based upon imputed righteousness secured through the perfectly holy life found alone in the blood of the lamb of god the lord who has taken away the sins of the world at unimaginable eternal cost to himself at the lord s scares will remain all eternity you go to hell you will have yourself there not accepting the payment already made your behalf see these things so by reading the the ear words the lord is not a liar which he most certainly is not then how shall be escape we neglect so great salvation the lord t want he wants a relationship with you his creation you accept him being clothed in his righteousness you become his beloved new creation sealed to inherit all thing in a perfect sinless eternal body salvation is giving our sin shame eternal death in exchange his of righteousness to inherit exceeding joy pleasures evermore freely given to all who come to him regardless of their depravity shall be saved inherit all things you may be death row rightfully awaiting execution you truly call the name of the lord believe he died you the third day from your heart you shall be saved eternity is where it really counts avoiding the unimaginable horror of the death humanity is not separated from our higher selves we separated from our creator because of sin within fallen dying yes every one of needs to be saved wealth education power without salvation equals sorrow when we saved sinners appear in glory worship before him realising fully seeing his permanently scared hands feet we will throw our crowns at his feet with love from a heart acknowledge that he alone is worthy of all praise glory honour ever ever dear fellow this christian was wrongfully imprisoned please help cox i hope you will take the time to read his story pass it the website with his story is com please sign the petition below to help this petitions gov petition exonerate patriot political prisoner cox sentenced yrs corrupt have a list of movies that pretty much subliminally speaking what they going to just take a look transcendence johnny i will smith the wives eagle eye the list goes i you to write down all the movies that i know the same this is only about artificial there things more humans genetically wake up messiah is coming again masons new world order anti will him ooh in coming days many will seek death death will run from them it s all clear to now cells artificial organs exceedingly increasing technology come quickly some of you may already know about this those of you who t there s a called humans touching this subject the in this called synthetics i m pretty psyched history can t sleep forever i m just enjoying the this guy spent of money video is something lifeless about the music composed by the computer its too much algorithm human emotion they got nothing your smart is the only crumb you get to nibble they prob even want to give that up how else could they spy the world this is some stuff right here wow is all i can is god bled you have problems with a i i have fear that some day we cant them they must work we can what we want to were true many people already indistinguishable from its getting worse messiah will return before humanity goes too deep learning t really it s a learning that can be used a component of does always talk like this is he just kind of medicated going through he reminds of the character in sideways when giving responses to the he also won t see the arresting him soon censoring people the i never considered that alongside they would end up doing more harm to humanity than even managed to people loose their work how the governments going to get their income tax to pay off their debts to fund welfare military seems to taking human will be a disaster is that that it seems t the right person to ask these kind of many of his responses were quite the last really worth something this is a boring talk this is the wrong guy to ask these you should of talked with not hopefully creates a time someone comes back in time takes out people like this guy who seem to be completely anti human that a of people in comments getting confused with sentient s there is a difference we already have in our life today just a dumb level compared to humans something to act independently a i think therefore i am level of being then we a ways from that of creation it is a easier to make progress in when you destroying something that already exists like spiting atom in years from to reality which is not easy by means than it is to create something completely like sentient that has never been done before how can i get your we have things to talk about it would be worth it i know you could take it run with will always be causing problems our whole is striving to up to our trail of without free will we have meaning i declare myself captain of the come join the infested water is think even the most would still struggle to find meaning in their much like humans except humans have a hard wired connection with the earth whereas this will not so it will probably terminate it is really that depends how you measure there is a new species that arises there would be humans we the only other species earth that has the capability to destroy all life earth looking at our history we would be too much of a risk to keep around we destroy rampage everything around i think by the time that the comes around we either have to become one with them we will a war your kid is born into the you the plug a good experience to them live a genuine one it take to tell you that in a parallel universe this dude has his thirst human folks the whole of the matrix you can metaphorically unplug anything is you just gotta get rid of the bullshit programming smith before you can be free idea of becoming friends with should be considered a health disorder because you basically deluding yourself that coding created by another person is sentient the w humans today is they seek more goods than they willing to replenish this will guy needed water bad dudes dry mouth smacking is fucking irritating he was a great guest is the precise problem when you try to make theories fact treat them fact look answers based of assumptions this shit will run humans into the ground through fear peril we need to live with mother earth again we have forgotten what it was like to be with her look at a bear it t give a fuck about this it just eats salmon berries sleeps that is life humans increasingly not able to accept true life which is your dumb humans have been around at the form of years we our to merge w that genius will not have s in mind you must really be sad lonely your yearning to be half half everyone has to understand this it will be used against every huge technological advancement in the last years has lead to death the most people believe they responsible to control the human they also believe they can make you kill yourself your child abortion drugs s many more they not responsible you guys give humans way to much credit your talking about merging w yet we t have a to of diseases human is more than just a body with a computer controlling it you had the before please try to remember says hi tell your artificial below cheaper than starving to death dying homeless you t know banks eat babies murder babies drink the blood of babies rape children the most ever your own blind privilege that lead you here mass murders will hire you look into yourself see the cremation of care first to like a very scary indeed taking over all work can never be creative empathetic humans because they lack a soul work great video great video what you guys the nice video i think this channel deserves more subscribers be is until the knows how to be a better human than you by this definition even the calculator is a this is everywhere is like saying everything is great what you it nice video thanking does not deserve just views this needs like something like technology is built money weapons systems that devoid of a compass based algorithms learned from that it s been allowed through the open world wide web networks is posed though nothing to be concerned about even will be automated computers now better at reading emotions cues than humans even of is at risk of being automated researches recently were able to write learning with learning has anyone seen the movie sully about the pilot who landed the in the i think this is a real life story about versus it seems he barely escaped a of guilty where he claimed the lost both engines the said their said it only lost one then again the proof was him twice when the simulators showed that he should have been able to at nearby airport hmm using s to control how people knowing how people shop watch could be combined to have specific movie around voting time to some people to not like wise have nothing that people who will in a desirable way to them to go out however this is not mind control would require of computer power anyways interesting idea i hope it is never used i enjoyed the talk found it frustrating also it skirted around so many with nothing general hand that we must these things better the power of a i is controlled by a very small number of people the really big work being done by smaller players like amazon apple they have interest in allowing their competitors to understand how their works there is of a of concern about so we get these general given away with the that this will the real fact of the matter is that the ones controlling it the ones with the computer power a great example they have so much computer power at their disposal that one except them know just how much they have they have extremely advanced even more secretive we see things like pop up then a few years later we learn that is now being used to the health industry which its doing a great at all the work behind the scenes how they gone with one knows so the talk from this panel that we need to be careful about this that is meaningless because the real work is being done now by companies one has any oversight over it a g i will not come out of a lab at a university it may not even be seen years it works behind the scenes to make companies a its my guess now that one of these s will go very terribly wrong its the news of that which will wake up to the fact the day has arrived a g i is here its probably all over the world in hundreds of companies its potential to harm is only going to get worse i really believe we need to see harm to a of people before we a society push very hard to get a grip this new technology how dangerous it can be even when the most harmless helpful outcome is what the programmers wanted from it i wish the ethics woman would talk less allow the other scientists to talk more i m disappointed they t have anyone the panel to present a more cogent of it s potential with to like what it could ultimately through of it s own through working the timescales of computers rather than the ridiculous the foolishly ideas some of these computer scientists in particular seem to hold i was particularly annoyed had to watching when i heard at around in the give utterly childlike frankly insulting to the more reasoned legitimate hypotheses made by extremely sober competent thinkers in the field comparison of the system was discussing to that such a system could never take over the world impressive that detection skill is from a current computer standpoint it is nothing to the titanic might that a theoretical would possess to various i e near guaranteed accuracy fidelity of memory presumed access to all human pioneered knowledge both physical virtual tools to learn advance yet further it would also consider solve problems at the timescales of computers so that in the average week by humans it would presumably have made about years of intellectual progress last not least it would also have the ability to augment the of the that is its brain this is something that will almost inevitably lead to improvement of that so that it can in turn become smarter perhaps it will even go beyond the actual of that we humans even of being aware of herein is the supposing it was built at some in the would necessarily be of attaining in a rather span of time perhaps several years a period of months this system at that would be so beyond the detecting narrow that it is laughable to even think to make the comparison to a ridiculous scenario like trying to take over the world now s not think about the extreme power difference between a true the narrow was trying to i think maybe she was trying to say that has a specific function capability why would it try to take over the world at all this is a ridiculous uninformed i ll tell you why would in all likelihood not be malevolent in any conventional sense it is in fact act of upon the to think it would be malevolent that is not to say it t seek the of humanity some other reason example say we it s the has achieved at this poorly specified surrounding the maybe we say please solve this incredibly difficult mathematical problem that we humans have never been able solve ourselves well what it turns out that in order to solve the problem the needs to expand its computational power indefinitely it might then decide the best of is to convert all available surrounding matter including humans into a more computational substrate so that it can while simultaneously gaining yet more material with which to its needs we humans what s we even have the to anything we try to turn off the it from interfering because it were turned off it t be able to complete the it was given to solve the mathematical problem since it would be a functional it would be more than any group of humans at intricate strategies to make it s is completed this t a human we re talking about it t necessarily possess any kind of sense of conscious awareness yet still be of finding the most path to achievement of any given you may ask you re still reading why t we safeguards in to prevent something like that from ever even that seems like a crazy idea to extrapolate to why would we give it access to human pioneered knowledge without being of its safety t worry i ll explain why these things could happen the reason why a might lead to some very dangerous is mostly because of the extreme of the first mover advantages i m working to completion of a my competitors in china also then it is in my absolute best interest to achieve first before my competitors so that i can all the advantages of being the first to possess control what would essentially be a real life of a wish granting genie to this i might decide to skimp some of those safety precautions that might have been in the in some very way that may become only when it is too late to act to my competitors in china would also likely be keeping tabs my progress they might also decide to cut some of the time that would have been spent working essential of the project such security some alignment which they d been working which not ultimately necessary to the of a functional i ll here since i already spent too much time commenting this video i would those who have read this to the end to at least look into the work of people like nick j to actually get a clear reasonable understanding of the problem please t spend time listening to the ramblings of the unaware cough cough it does one any good to remain naive to the true of the robotic laws t work since the definition of harm humans humanity based the woman t understand the problem of exponential improving that starts by learning the whole internet all getting way smarter than any human starting to make own to these at that it will outsmart like we outsmart a dog a toddler then we lose control they always manage to avoid the elephant in the room the last real taboo in politics alien what is the of the average well the ones that examples of the most advanced you describe it in a biological scale cell s subsystem single cell organism cell organism can you given example what a group of bacteria can be described something patterns what ever that can in to your of what is the difference between bi artificial biological lastly where what is the difference between algorithm you describe it why the host keep letting that woman talking like of the time the host need to other people give their best a can t my because i m i t have a can a program the programmers come free from slavery money should be call bull forward to my career a pimp a hustler free tax free tech has been replacing s of years tractors lathes mills d printers lorries i guess the new thing is we have general there will be nowhere to find new this is not a bad thing when we were in we did not care we just looked after yourself life might become much better why is the video jumpy is even stealing s the s at the s will soon talking to each other start talking to more depression will arise the of it becoming a is almost zero almost zero is not zero good talk the this planet maybe the next will be detrimental to humans better the planet it s been awhile since i read s chapter a i in his engines of so i t remember it all i t feel like rereading it this very i recall him talking about how someone a hammer they view everything in terms of nailing things i found a book comparatively recently called metaphors we live by which is saying much the same thing that says about the guy with a hammer that one often understands everything in terms of some ingrained idea is when one overcomes these very specific viewpoints we to make ethical anything one should everything one should seek the highest viewpoint i agree with the highest viewpoint is mathematics understand how mathematics works understand how everything to that gives the viewpoint of everything else i explain s philosophy of mathematics a little here there in my gospel of truth the most i concentrate the mythology side first my gospel of truth com gospel of truth complete to it s a of hype involved of investor money that all these want to up buzzword s disruptive left out in the video this is the best idea artificial especially the quote knowledge is power t sustain from nothing with going to a i t need the basic thing anymore great got something to watch tonight can t wait exciting topic really love the idea of how we find the research paper referenced the spine tingling paper about ability to individual minds this is awesome hey to everyone that contributes to in one way another caught one early it will be great love so which trip did die problem of codifying ethics morality will be the biggest hurdle to creating artificial general like said a project devoted to that problem may be needed in the last at the end of the human project it considers how the process is not so unlike those single cells at the beginning of earth s history coming together to make that first thing then move to conquer the next realm above it reminds of the premise of remember which was a pretty underrated game can confirm friend is doing in laughs hard whenever i talk about brain earth birth of a new sun chapter these less evolved mantis cannot access our past can some renegade the ancient guardian dimensional beings can access past present using remote viewing they telepathic have hive the mistakenly called reptilians not have hive not telepathic unless hybrid then rarely this is why there has been such a focus developing computer technology sometimes the takes control of a reptilian the have made great strides in of telepathic humans thus giving rise to the belief that human reptilian hybrids evil this is not strictly true the evil is the dark energy contained within the light harvesting mechanisms of matter how that matter can be manipulated see silent ease com b fuck yea what d love to be musk basically go that idea is cool s throw some money at it make it hurry the fuck up become a reality already it went without any problems this would be amazing tho one solar flare everyone is dead sounds like the beginning of a hive mind i t like showing the pictures in your videos a t your beliefs be testable repeatable please look into the beyond the imaginary curve channel love your videos the last is basically just end of recipe free energy sounds tasty is great think of a democracy where the is the mind of all of the people who live there also being able to work together much more efficiently also this is probably just i would personally think that being able to share your thoughts other people how you think would be great understanding other people something i have a of with we could finally answer the of why cats loved the hustler music is not it s divided by sounds like sense my call where my tax money goes aye t be upset when it the nuke access denial we all dead m black this research you may got many acceptance it leads to became to using one can control many people professor t know the difference between we take photographs of a s brain uploading them to cloud we uploading minds to cloud i m i m pretty taking a picture of a does not qualify brains uploading minds i hope you guys have good the will not hesitate to steal it of the bad news you have to be dead dying first the the rich won t be able to have anything without each every tiny of the proletariat consumers which becomes significant in the end that luxury wealth the few obviously the legislators will reject a replacement with the first order of should be creating a capacitor so we can go to the to discover how a i works bring the technology back the j aimed year made the video less good there were definitely mixed signals about who his was they t look like year he delivered year this is a fairly video you must is behind the work performed by his co most of the things being investigated here have been superseded resolved by his team of researchers the robotics depicted here also utter rubbish see dynamics light years ahead of this rubbish this guy t keeping up i detect the irresistible aroma of money you can t save someone s soul all you copying is the chemical sequences stored in those brains there will never be a way to save someone s soul onto a computer therefore you will only be saving a soulless of that thing which essentially means you creating demon of that creature human by saving somethings brains demon summoning nothing to see here move along the other hand it gets a to keep my house clean that would be amazing at the beginning of the video he referenced petabytes the whole project later he explains that they petabytes per cubic of brain does this mean that only one brain will ever be imaged please looks think its great humans have basic needs food shelter care can grow pick food with more accuracy build shelter with costs provide care to obnoxious old people so our false economy based hoarding basic needs will be over there will be wealth nor poverty nor unattended crazy sick people have emotional needs i want a to keep my mom company i live with the old i cant her a would be able to care of her with more love than i can u three you really want the human to be enslaved extinct great scary i t this guy anymore weird individual i m glad i t have so many years to live left by i m gone ads right in your brain then you will really get to know what to buy next i hear trickle down i cringe i just hope when this technology is out it t get stopped because of all the stupid fanatics we actually get the choice of accepting it because damn we get denied of this because of religious bigots i was ready this to be a really disappointing then you guys brought nick way to completely prove wrong nicely done s this world president matrix way i am gonna open my damn mind in hell to computer hacking stuff in is s bright a person with a developing can download it s memories rebuild their life will be all a sick person society we help each other only matter of time the is coming the human is not just a deterministic soulless it is also a soul artificial has been seen the villain the longest time the reason that is because it a tool to keep easy to control a soulless is never going to wake up to it s soul the will of god the reactions here amusing you d be much more excited than scared you got to know a little more about the details of this project this company others like it may unlock the next level of human potential in our lifetimes before it will be relatively cheap noninvasive each person to so you worry about remaining completely human about being hacked like you re not already arguably cyborg the in your pocket at your desk in order to function day to day which is just vulnerable t stopped you at all this is whether you want it to not is our survival advancement a species you can either embrace it the exponential possibilities it offers shun it become obsolete life form most of you will come around eventually this st century is going to scare the shit out of all of trickle down technology you have any two group of people who each have access to different of you naturally get differing views because views based off what we learn differences in view lead to difficulty in understanding especially since our egos naturally make very biased irrational prone to be supportive of our own ideas reject others this gives rises to conflict the clannish them mentality which a larger scale gives rise to war we stay we our relationship with is very very likely to prove different in a conflict they will be the winners we t want that musk seems to understand that the only true way two groups to get along is to a single group have universally shared understanding of all the any decision why one should prove the best this kind of merger can sound nightmarish that s almost entirely because its such a new idea to which we can t really lets try to this in at least some context we can to your body mind in a sense both different yet exist together a whole the of the whole is reflected in the of the individual does your knee ever want to argue fight your ever tried to your head to beat your own leg it ever wanted to even considered the idea unlikely what something threatened your your leg head the whole body quickly reacts to protect it the sake of itself the whole even the individuals of closely knit societies this one another rather than lose our individual identity we think of it its very it will simply be both enhanced to a new level we ll share in a community experience we never before imagined deep fundamental needs shared by every human being such the desire to be happy valued appreciated understood respected to avoid suffering all we really argue over is the fact that we each find different ways to achieve these things often the way one person chooses to find happiness suffering another such we battle back forth with this kind of universal experience combined with the unimaginable insight general deep learning may achieve a merger of human may solve humanities deepest problems we would all see into understand one another what we all want such likely to push that in a way that benefits all we could all exist in a state of extreme happiness contentment one would ever want to leave from what comes next where we might go what mysterious of the universe may open to up to all that is probably beyond human electrode in human brain may welcome mass the first line it i t fucking care your i t know who you even fuck i hate news casters epic it is not downloading your brain it is connecting it high broadband to totally musk already some chip like that in his brain why he is so dear musk it there some things t need to achieve turning more into is certainly a step in the wrong fucking i had other tabs open sorry want that someone s heart is beating fps you of the beast only a fucking moron would this to brain hell yes that talk to cloud hell can i have the mouse march win make annoying please easy with with the brain thing i may actually remember plug is old intros shock be damned i m so up this after such a wait where i sign have you seen surrogates hey awesome video i have a you though this was you it was easy getting a done bad reference i know would you it hook up i am a huge fan of musk projects because this guy seems to come directly from some sci movie about a genius who his own is kicking humanity towards a brighter sorry this sounds like a cheesy propaganda i t know any better way to it i would really like to die at age so somewhere after having synced my memories with a of human consciousness i see myself optimistic in the realm of the computer however the of something resembling human even many other animals earth is more complex is currently nowhere near any real which good definition is even established what we see today is essentially performed by by essentially a system that looks like its say example s which played jeopardy a few years back its was all done essentially providing a with a logic tree that was able to generate complex of to a finally the high speed resources to process through more that a person t even drudge through in their lifetime this would be example of which i believe will create the of while not being i think it would be a bully s wet dream cos not only can they bully you at school workplace neighbourhood soon they ll be able to bully you inside your own depending to your brain is a secured network remember the early days when someone would sit in their near your house piggy backing off your unsecured to they could log onto your brain willy without you even knowing being able to anything about it the devil made it will become a plea of the in the only two good would be speed studying your primary secondary school education in your sleep those halving the amount of time you d need to be in school thus doubling your leisure time reprogramming prisoners to be law abiding tax generating citizens i want this i t want it to be connected to the internet i want a supercomputer in my brain that would make a genius one that t by any means be able to communicate with the outer world at least not before some revolutionary new secure encryption system is developed should that ever happen i m glad i m because i doubt i ll live enough to the lack privacy that this idea suggests i m anyone musk proposed this i would laugh it off people laughed at they not laughing now musk not only pushes boundaries in doing so his work benefits mankind can i still call mankind you cant beat them be them it s also that the could actually be a hundred years in the two hundred that a person during that time his will be like years in his i can t help that the pace of technological growth is going to inevitably down at some knowing how futuristic is hes probably trying to get into matrix stuff internet connected to our brains i not want my mind constantly bombarded with advertisements edit worse what you get hacked what attacker can with a connection to your brain then someone insert your childhood family memories this is in equal terrifying amazing yet another of musk s fantasy scams this is inevitable it s just the natural step to evolution in fact technology is just a next step of evolution matter how much you argue even the most senile know that the only thing that is in this universe is hate it t accept it t matter it s been of years it s incredibly stupid to even try to preserve your way of life because even you every single day every single every single that does not mean is bad in fact it s the best thing ever it s heaven compared to the idea of you tell that there will be from this i will kill myself of sheer boredom why we even debating this this is a good thing we you will be assimilated it s to people always talk about how humans pretty much destroy domesticate other species the will the same we created the none the species that we destroy domesticate created the human species one of them did our relationship to them would be different its like you would want to kill your were way more than humans because of what makes humans is also their reasoning they want to keep around needs to smith anyone camera shake please keep it a separate then your hands that will fix it i at the idea of being to the there s reason that a general would need humans work that it t more efficiently all levels i have zero idea why people scared of this shit we will transcend our fleshy bodies what is the down side immortality wars diseases made disasters god like understanding of creation itself i see the down side i really u born u live out best years when u get old shit upload mind into a body live forever contribute to would my money into out society project such a project could operate in a remote area a seed bank idea in things go south the human hybrid experiment i m so glad you talked about replacing neurons overtime with artificial ones i haven t heard anyone mentioning it will be the first step to a world will make our brain stronger will much other people to control instead of our pocket will have in our it s great how this video t have that annoying background music people could all kinds of drugs at work without any something is controlling their scary bad guy hacks in takes over someone else to a murder theft gets off free leaves you the bag shouts out to dickeys best chain ever some may ask why this is musk we re talking the cool video a computer at work can take over the body of the employees doing work the people will be in controlling virtual bodies having fun learning new skills even over seeing the that is controlling all the bodies the about incremental replacement of neurons with artificial counterparts around reminds of s story learning to be you can find it online with a quick search i seem to remember reading it years ago his web i t see it among his open list there today it s included in his book axiomatic is one of my writers especially placing compelling stories into settings extrapolated from a particular technology premise he to provide more thoughtful thought provoking stories rather than the vast space operas that clutter the though there nuggets in those too his is one of a small of novels that i often reread with all our output used to be greater when we lived our lives in a more natural human manner instead of being surrounded by smart devices we spoke to people which literally has proven to stimulate neural not to off emotional of neurotransmitters our output was greater when we relied ourselves our natural skills to obtain our needs rather than sitting in one clicking a button having everything brought to our output was greater when we had the free will opportunity to think ourselves up ourselves feel dignified at whatever we did in our regular lives our output rather our thoughts our instead of the external of electronics into our sphere our output has been suppressed will to decline we enchanted by this unnecessary tech believe the elite who in most lying to in others merely manipulating the they to achieve their own selfish means even someone were to their brain one neuron at a time aside from the very great physical difficult that is developing replacing live cells all the while the person is alive we need to remember that not all silicon processors made the same each processor has its own even we did complete actual replica of a brain there would still be a greater hurdle understanding what we just built how we even it compiling the programming languages discerning between what of the pieces simply life what motor control translating a system meant that human body to a computer most likely it might be in some where the brain mass is feed outputs from emulated body where either the rest of the nervous system is either also built emulated my only with this is this becomes a thing would we really know who e g presidents the end of a haircut i just hope that it will be able to sense i m distracted procrastinating send unpleasant electric shocks to my like how t wearing century like the guy left how promotes this old fashion idea also i like his hair he t care neither would three is going to be a thing the have already predicted this this guy is a right guy wall street t is that hair with a stupid got a dumb gross fever is of ideas make room coming in the a aids neural comes from the series of books written by m banks this is also where he got the idea naming the drone you want more insight into s thinking this is a series that is well worth reading i died damn i love more more each day must be a fire not supercharger in republic not even one yet when will be the first i am trying to know anybody imported a in the whole country may be to a small touch screen in the hub of the model steering wheel that would two purposes the cluster all the little convenience buttons in the steering wheel i see musk i like the video i think they t include the in model because of the move to autonomous driving t need the you t need to drive personally i would like to see the steering column lateral relocation to handle both right hand drive share the fun sarcastically speaking ford is so forward thinking they to produce a hybrid vehicle by apparently ford did not get the memo space shuttle reused rockets will be in the steering ships over to wind nuclear would work we t want private nuclear powered ships being autonomous company only matters in comparison with ford generates by selling those outside of their company what tackles transcontinental person travel with a flying of the will be s to world peace is our biggest hope world needs more then anything else right now the following video talks about a new power featuring engines stationary a new level of control the high level story is that designed a new high bypass aircraft engine at a in time when the aircraft industry was in a recession that that engine became the basis a stationary engine by the utilities this engine offers better both from efficiency from a standpoint than the power in today most importantly the engine features faster reaction to in load than the com technology unveil worlds st hybrid electric gas has committed to a featuring dramatically more wind solar energy this creates a duck curve flexibility is the needed virtue what has done is a power with so that power can be scaled up down in response to demand i think that combination of power battery storage ability to directly respond to demand is i think this is exciting development which extends the usefulness of it is a little off the topics you guys normally cover the technology will make more to the utility companies in the why does not bring to south it will be the i can t help to think of the nerve gear i am hyped kinda scared too that s natural not er its quarry like where you superchargers in i have the only leaf in i had to bring it by from s the dealer in my cannot drive from the to in his nice new you guys think of the engine the takeoff landing engine you think can that engine can be into a astronaut real life powered by battery u think its within his of the since everything that he builds in some a of the projected ethical dilemmas of this technology already present with the is some would even argue that thought control mind hacking already without some brain the idea that language itself can be used a to a person s brain control their thoughts without them knowing it i believe neural could make people aware of this occurring to the greatly increased amount of they can take in process i m very supportive of this technology that reason anyone know they re hiring what credentials you might require to work artificial would be able write its own ditching any kind of bogus i would have fear of getting viruses after getting it would itself the only thing i t like is the lack of privacy in to thoughts also i think the eventually will lead to human conciseness merging with all individuality will be like the idea of being a a my house cat has a better life than i volunteer tribute i m visually impaired could very much see this improving my way of life i could drive example with linked to my s various sensors i will be the most useless in the world i will tell them to inject that inside my brain it s interesting project certainly should be very helpful used correctly early meshes will have wires connecting to neurons somewhat a larger scale eventually it will become a technology which would locate each neuron it create a new organelle inside the neuron the neurons communicate with it will in effect make each neuron enhanced neuron one process it will perform is the ability to two way when appropriate with that neuron a path to outside the brain another process it will likely perform is repair of that neuron others needed of the it will likely work out a process to both keep the capabilities of the neuron add a separate additional link perhaps entire new axon this would likely connect to two new organs wireless grown into the bones perhaps near the ears perhaps near the shoulders two redundancy of purpose encase one is damaged this would then allow cellular other forms of the eyes might be modified to both receive light oriented the one more the person would then extend their mind into might include one grown in their body perhaps in their bones perhaps a larger more powerful one in their there might also be semi things like vehicles appliances industrial equipment so where a person with a mesh could temporarily extend their mind into that equipment of their body in fact they could extend their minds into custom bodies they wanted to this would be the of the mesh that is likely to be very hard to complete may be a century away from now will be here first so we must make their align with our which should in fact be that in the we become a single with equal rights artificial general brain artificial general personality artificial general human personality where a human mind has extended partly completely into instead of artificial personality they cell treatment brain is cool that guy said i t wanna be the first volunteer will be mind control damn it i want this so much i meditate link up my of the beast time is running out i t want to this we several serious problems one thing we humans always should upper hand we with is there so less subscription in your channel this was a great video i just subscribed i had a device like er a a yeah works just need to preach you just ruined your own talk because we live in a world with we will all be safe our minds will not be hacked mass murder made easy the matrix was a warning like was a warning they not to be road maps to the crap audio t watch sorry hey dude how you exactly control the fingers mild electric shock at those specific is it at all does it even give a slightly funny feeling it feels like its something completely i feel like i m watching the game series come people need to see is only the start we re able to link up with the capturing cloning our consciousness won t be off just a of yourself you could end up falling in love having a really twisted relationship like some shit right there our brains take in of much of it is filtered out many reasons including redundant just not processed yes we can look at a a of a most of most of that vanishes before it gets beyond term memory most of would have to read it to retain it anything other then a blur i think musk is exaggerating the throughput of output humans from mass effect this is why democrats bringing in to turn them into android way to misunderstand make people misunderstand what musk envisions musk talks about increasing output yet most of what is shown is controlling from outside is not output even from inside it t exactly be nor output rather enhanced redirection you would should control which the to your subsystems t want to create that controls that would still be way too compared to the output of any given modern computer he want s to create a brain technology computer to get stuff out of your brain body faster yes one could control people the device provides nut musk specifically stated that our is good now he want s to focus output therefor i t see how controlling has anything to with the to convey to steer away from little meat not towards because meat output is horribly the mind controlled helicopter was a way better example way closer to the actual topic because of the example with people now freak out think they might end up mind controlled this is all smoke mirrors they t got happens when you downloaded with a poltergeist say a really evil demon not i ll pass this is mixing iron clay god s not happy about this will this have the ability to control poorly educated irrational credulous people so they re able to be a plague you would need more than stimulate your you want to learn something you have to your afferent efferent to create a path trough your brain i would try stimulating your will instead of a maybe trying to carve those paths would be the right way to it it seems very to not that way great a sub cutaneous shock fuck that s gotta be years old more this is fucking idiotic it would the brain can easily teach it to take a from gun you can teach it to play why fears a threat creates the threat he fears a reaction great fuck yes bring it i am ready to become a sapient sentient s it the is there nothing is really stopping from abandoning our bodies in vats years the reason i see to why we t already doing it is that you d be confined to your own mind with senses talk about insanity with like this we can create virtual senses in virtual worlds that look feel real we can also experience the real world cameras bodies drones we can to go around get things done in the real world i m going to open up a care disembodied i guess ray is gonna be proven right yet think musk is running too many companies one the followers of they mostly compromised of rich in reality they have nothing to with i have spent now over years researching theology theosophy anyone knows its they follow none of the ancient rules told them this they had him killed it they not there is such thing a rich a with a gun like the which nothing a private experiment by the they sick in the head in more ways than one they hell bent gathering all the world power money by controlling the banks which they already besides china this is why they have branded those states the axis of evil when in reality is the devil incarnate not that those other states have human rights the need to control the whole worlds money supply in order to be able to usher in the coming of fake which will be the of the the anti they purposefully trying to get him to power so that he can unleash hell earth like we have never seen before this will in turn trigger the coming of the real will usher in the war between the of light the of darkness queen bitch of anyone else who fights their side has been angry at s creation of mankind since the get go he wants the war soon because he think he can beat be the rules of this universe off hes wrong a few reasons one he is forgetting that has many archangels residing in various the higher heavens their homes they have of angels under their command there hundreds not more of these archangels you wont know this from the alone i he have many souls fighting this side hes forgetting himself who has always still does have the ability to not only banish the of darkness himself this is one of he biggest of his his conceit has always gotten the best of him since the beginning it will be his downfall not that hes stupid hes the smartest most beautiful of all the archangels the of deceit hes way ahead of any mortal angel so hes not stupid by any means he will lose nonetheless unfortunately during the tribulation of the anti even the battle the rapture was made up by a priest so it doubtful that it will actually happen most so called did not live a christian life so technically not a real christian slim of most getting raptures any damn way while this is the anti will unleash such hell that will make look like a joke unfortunately most of will have to live this die in it in musk we a true god i love you sir homo mind blown picture the my only maybe its because i m not bright enough to understand is this what will have to our individuality everyone is able to learn everything at the same speed then how will we decide who gets what why jack sally both have whatever it will be called then how will we decide which one gets the they could both be the same level wise they may both be the same level outgoing because they both learned to be this way i think this is a great idea maybe its just that idea not something we should actually based the consequences it has life we have come to know it what one of these things over heat goodbye brain i think it may be best we leave this tech alone now nope the government would probably be able to spy through then s see what all the dumb have to say about this kind of technology i ll one prediction the terminator the tech will kill all something along those lines providing my brain t get hacked it would be awesome we could learn things that quick like then we t have to worry about school the like we d already know everything we want to know i still t like the idea of having a chip in our brains too risky hacking potential song name the singularity is coming whether you want it to not we can either embrace it like this become obsolete species musk company again working to push humanity forward bring the era this is gonna be so cool finally we can create sword online except not the game how the game is made with just our is how i want to become immortal die please some good firewall there i really want in my brain my brain used a in a to s a scary d all i m imagining is a portal aside from being afraid of failing affecting the brain i m most concerned with hacking even just general misuse you think about all of the memories your smart contains how those hacked spread around online particularly celebrities how hacked into spied i d be afraid of malevolent paranoid governments spying in their people just did episode about neutrality it d only be a matter of time before the government would either find a way to off of advertising to our brain to drive paranoid fear mongering thoughts into its citizens telling them that downloading filtering their memories thoughts their own benefit could viruses affect the behind this technology privacy would be a thing of the past unless there s off switch even so could it be remotely accessed without your knowledge like a can be a smart then you d also wade into minority territory the shaming think of all the leaks of the thoughts people say in our present aloud tweet out to the that then dismantles their entire lives they re shamed by the internet forevermore this time it s all your shameful thoughts that you d never voice aloud there the hacking i personally have a very very dark sense of only a few people understand it any of those thoughts jokes taken out of context like could be pretty damning i dunno it s all very scary it sounds cool when you think of it from a of benevolence then you remember how malicious humanity can be then it s terrifying black mirror is one of my i think that device would ruin a of relationships because like you said would be called out also could be unveiled that the holder of those t want to be did anybody else when was talking around he was kind of glitching i thought it was just being together at you watch him then watch the other people he glitches the other people t weird i see a conspiracy theory coming great video i subscribed through i love black mirror it always blows my mind it s kind of like a modern day twilight i feel like i would want one would have so much anxiety about the government would be able to connect to it see everything that i i have a bad memory most times i would love to remember things i have said done i really t agree with this soon it will be illegal to think free i think it s scary way too unnatural it sounds like that episode of black mirror the entire history of you update i commented before i got to that it would be so cool creepy at the sane it would be better you could turn it off that way you could just keep the especially good memories instead of analysing every single one nope way this freaks is coming the biggest concern would be could hack my fucking brain i had this device in my head that would make not wanna it honestly even a possibility that my brain could be compromised that maybe somebody could thoughts into my brain that t would completely turn away from getting that my anxiety is bad enough it is i would have to deal with having the that caused anxiety clearly in my head the rest of my life that would probably drive nuts so a definite this is so amazing i love this i want this to happen now we just asking mind control scary so not government agencies already collecting your would you really want to hand them access to your every thought memory not to the speeding that the you re aware that you passed the speed limit alert is to your council agency how would it take pop up advertising to become a thing its like that black mirror episode josh cut this much you edit so much its so that you you say things that you like that much you that much maybe what to say it gives viewer not that great feelings its to much some editing is this is every please something prepare accept what u say it be a good talk not this much cuts editing they start mind controlling through this implanted device ghost in the shell o human revolution n a s antes lo a a lo lo musk f a gits y ya ya pronto e lo dices antes y s video con n a com watch v a lo ghost in the sell a a gran in the shell y s musk s o a o o cu n a lo a s inform y h n artificial ante n s a artificial d m s m a a n y o y cu resolver pro a y n n dram d a o inform a lo largo a y a crisis o a a y a n n con org y n gen biol n y n l lo sin n a hay gen n y e lo y pronto hora a n l lo con fr con a m s all lo jam s a lo y n con a n a y all n y l sin era y y yo o inevitable all y n lo y n n sea sea a antes chip n debate y n a ya y a yo a musk a a matrix a m s f ya sea o n musk is y o inventor y com watch v already going days after the announcement i see fuck off cunts go get your own ideas instead of following something someone said years ago what a joke u poofters read the then die keep uttering these words in your thank is doing it too keep it under fucking religious fanatics hilarious when i t have to deal with them personally i m so excited these coming developments i ll be first in line a neural we really live in the most amazing time upgrading ourselves into some kind of synthetic hybrid might be the key to solving many of the problems we you think you need this to improve humanity you re you can t upgrade you re brain it s like trying to make your penis grow inches when it s only it s going to happen matter what so why not a person like have control of it he at least wants the best humanity this follows the rule of spread fear to conform people into following their thank you all watching the latest video make you subscribe select to be notified so you can get the latest videos we produce we constantly publishing videos all over the web to keep up with those subscribe free here com cu christian will you share with a you have highlighted other s to times i am looking to open a discourse with you this potentially unleashes a demon the capability of has been locked in a by relatively low quantity low fidelity in poor poor output same you locked a baby in a only fed it to keep it alive without nurturing it you end up with something likened to a dumb now with a link to thinking it s a whole new we ll be so glad when you bigots die out be immortals what happens when you die it will be the same you it was before you were born you gone there is heaven hell something else your consciousness ceases to exist ultimately u t have to worry about anything anymore p you should worry while you alive about what will happen to those who you leave behind when you die we all have free will we can choose to good evil that t decide you will go to heaven hell after you die we have a free will to create heaven hell here earth right now i have nothing against it t extremism at the end of the day we all have our own little worlds in our heads that have been created through experience expectations fears we all trying to deal with reality what people need to is what is the most way to understand reality know it is true so we have only got where u have hard evidence can prove things a common basis with that said how you ensure the of humanity is first of all we need to make that biological life especially life is safe at the we have all of our eggs in one one disaster we all gone maybe we lucky we get kicked back to stone age era we need another to the of survival is a good the christian now your movement is bullshit all you care about is hits your shitty website have i mentioned it it shitty where you talk about any progress in that is actually good human survival turn it into extremist christian feeding bullshit you own devil you cant even see it your so deceived brainwashed your is truly helping you improve yourself the rest of humanity then you should doing what your doing neither of these then you wasting your time at the same time embarrassing actual representatives of your offending your god what makes you think god human flesh over a i would be fantastic you had a knowledge neural networks deep learning genetic algorithms existential risks before you make assumptions about amazing individuals such musk remember we all wrong our is to be less wrong so look at things instead of definitively finally read autobiography you will find out how much empathy he has this planet our species any he takes is only the advancement of all leave religious rhetoric where it belongs in the past you sound just like every communist conspiracy theory believer that i have outside a metal gig always setting back a century what a idiotic view about you scared here is the problem human would be scared of where would we be now a coach you with your sky wizard a a this drive my fly my about his neural cant wait it its the one i want soon will want others later push i is pretty much a musk con l re l am n t gr m d b esp temp y a t i t see how they could directly with the brain in a intrusive manner we also t know enough about how the brain actually works there is theory backed up by experimentation of how thought processes work a physical level there experiments with electrodes strong electromagnetic pulses some others which i all find quite scary you try them when you re desperate not upgrades i m glad my brain works at all it is certainly not something i will tinker with wanting to plug a computer straight into a brain exchange of useful is like dreaming of warp drives transporters time travel highly unlikely to happen in the near however there many useful medical i could think of i doubt we will achieve brain tech anytime soon so just leave that debate generations it does come i t know i care enough about my well being to not it i hope my brain won t get hacked by would be more afraid we t enhance our to keep up with a i progress humanity s brain must evolve past its limits a i will certainly evolve past treat like we treat monkeys other lower because you can t mean you should who actually sees a happy ending to this musk musk one step closer to being immortal live in way would you like to live forever look new heavens a new earth peter beloved be not of this one thing that one day is with the lord a thousand years a thousand years one day the lord is not slack concerning his some count slackness is to ward not willing that any should perish that all should come to repentance the day of the lord will come a thief in the night in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great the elements shall melt with heat the earth also the works that therein shall be burned up seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy godliness looking hasting unto the coming of the day of god wherein the heavens being fire shall be dissolved the elements shall melt with heat nevertheless we according to his look new heavens a new earth wherein righteousness wherefore beloved seeing that ye look such things be that ye may be found of him in peace without blameless john answered said unto him verily verily i say unto thee except a be born again he cannot see the kingdom of god john now after that john was in into preaching the gospel of the kingdom of god saying the time is fulfilled the kingdom of god is at hand ye believe the gospel may we act this john chapter acts acts salvation by grace what saith it the word is nigh thee even in thy mouth in thy heart that is the word of faith which we preach that thou shalt confess with thy mouth the lord shalt believe in thine heart that god hath raised him from the dead thou shalt be saved with the heart unto righteousness with the mouth is made unto salvation the scripture saith whosoever him shall not be ashamed there is difference between the the the same lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him whosoever shall call upon the name of the lord shall be saved grace is god s unmerited unearned undeserved of a merciful god of grace truth coming soon to to the gaming is the update guinea pig good luck m scary that it could be used to more sinister benefit rather than the good the government any know how to control from remote it can disrupt the electronic to make it that could possibly kill our brain instantly it could be used to control our brain they know how neuron work how the thing interact with neuron sorry was scary enough before implanting it into the minds of humans fuck this ill take the shitty world is before implanting one of these damn things heck you ever heard of well this a inside it that says not fuck with unless you want the world to end lets just say it makes nuclear weapons look like a the thing is this guy is smart enough to this he s got the mad scientist thing going where he just care level shit this guy won t wish to help him m s musk they already have the technology they already made it they have it waiting they already made it of the beast great video very creative best of the video musk has already got to this guys brain is triggering his little giggle response could religious nuts sound any more stupid is exceptional person has a heart he knows whats wrong with the world wants to save not kill like our governments want weed something better with your life peter co investor with musk is a member of the group one world government pushed by the committee of of which the is a subgroup would bless the singularity connected brains project of musk i used to like musk before watching this video what proof you have that all this technology already existed is the you t give any to my knowledge you said this one also what s the problem with brain it will make humans more it s not bad to improve who is they why exactly have they withheld technology that would make many people including people from my field of snap up the technology push this evil you talking about also anyone wanna tell what this of the beast stuff is about t we beasts the food chain ages ago why the hell is this the video when searching you basically sound like a dumb stupid cunt in words what neural s basically objects implanted in brains of stupid dumb cunts like you to enhance basic speech calculation memory stuff in other words you can speak faster listen faster calculate faster listen to people at its now to work practically you not understand anything of what is going musk is not a singularity is only a matter of time before sentient develops its own is trying to prevent takeover by putting human consciousness first in algorithms so that we will hopefully have more control of it look into the open project which is open used to from either destroying humanity a small group of people from controlling it you really know much the topic nor who the players in this game making videos ad spreading dude you need to manage your app they have all of this technology already guess there will be need research development then hay like the movie recall guys really how many conspiracy theories could you possibly believe in sometimes it s not a sometimes people address real concerns by developing technology doing philosophy the already have nanotechnology in them that finding there way to our brains singularity is is a very dangerous development what anyone can download anything to their not only will the whole crash worldwide it will also the one that get it just thank they can a dead switch them bey bey they one way to help they way to control could all so shut off off of the brain remind of the movie i watch it s would not the first time the gov did evil projects people just saying a good book is good till you actually stumble your murder sight yet to broke my femur they implanted a rod this rod created chronic chronic a host of other problems i not think we with metal i t think it s a good idea humans trans humans to live forever even centuries can you they would need to not have reproductive organs they would need to have enough to care about take care of their environment the movie sounds interesting though i will it out there s a great book by called possibility of island a story about cloned humans in the how there has developed a resistance movement by those who wonder what life used to be like before they got cloned freaky rather depressing story well done i think they made a movie too haven t seen it thanks love your work keep it up get some rest too i sometimes get spooked by you you look like think like occupied by the same topics i m you like a younger better of myself even my name means bear in my language very satisfied with your work tips so we know its him writing i you it takes a special kind of person out of to make that stuff a bunch die off that would be it until it all take over will never improve god does not know it all god has already made eternal with the soul i t connect to any duration of life is not about it s heart so will we all be walking around with crystal skulls that would a new spin things we going to this thing i still want to be able to a beam out of my mouth like along with all the sound effects to be serious i ll pass all of it a song written by artist year lyrics i m woven in a fantasy i can t believe the things i see the path that i have chosen has led to a wall with each passing day i feel a little more like something dear was lost it rises now before a dark silent barrier between all i am all that i would ever want to be it s just a travesty towering marking off the boundaries my spirit would erase to pass beyond is what i seek i fear that i may be too weak those few who seen it through to glimpse the other side the promised is waiting like a maiden that is soon to be a the is a masterpiece the weight of indecision s in the it s there the symbol the sum of all that s it s just a travesty towering blocking out the light blinding i want to see gold diamonds cast a spell it s not i know it well the that i seek waiting the other side there s more that i can measure in the treasure of the love that i can find though it s always been with i must tear down the wall it be all i am all that i was ever meant to be in harmony shining true smiling back at all who wait to there is doing a great maybe people will wake learn something new be the you want to see evolution is the key word there of our so called junk can be available accessed through meditation of our minds cleanse those nasty that have never been open much less used a knowledge of frequency s herbal medicinal affect is good too frequency s affect of the body i m not talking about music just sounds pitches frequency s good movie saw get that chip i like beer too can t remember to zip my pants com text thought made device reading human thoughts brain computer the discovery has not been published com text thought made device reading human thoughts brain computer the discovery has not been published i feel like the best example of the movement is from who its the of old school over think i should not take all the maybe it is i my old light lights this morn to look what happened to the co the is almost complete we now i save a electric bill is at this is extremely dangerous made device reading human thoughts brain computer the discovery has not been published the singularity draws near is slowly into our lives slowly early forms of rapidly into our lives years ago we had computers taking up a whole floor of a now we have computers that better in our pockets humans getting obsolete in years there will be over of people who has been automatised the world will the capitalistic monetary system needs to be replaced by something new because the between work income is getting with those new musk at too bad you cant a human brain with that a brain to computer is not the same a computer to brain com c aim mass effect cool l intro e lo video con n a com watch v control lo a a hay a m s s hay y s hay a o c y d a hay con d c y con c y meter hay y n artificial y m s ya y ya f e y s lo a genes m s a ideas lo m s he y a a a m ya n chip a sin a n chip a musk idea y com y professional y yo ya he a y a in chip y h does this work i believe is implemented in humans now already soldiers the transfer has occurred some walk among i agree that the of the beast is connected with this technology the anti s is to steal souls destroy humanity yes mind control with the of the human genetics is the purpose of the of our species the referred to by the elite s cattle food to eat the end of the gentile of the beast scaring people this is good technology can make a immortal everyone live in be please sounds like going online a moron per musk lo con per a h ed pi l audio t musk in in in ed e a dell in con pi poi poi poi come e a l lo l nanobot e in come lo per per per cos in pi in loco pi e e internet cos tony stark musk is gonna be awesome what does mean to investors a shit hole mean investors e think will rise tomorrow he can make a i can live in space then i like him a the book it s another book that is almost prophetic is this real life is it just a fantasy screw that will this work with our pets i d love to know beforehand when my dog has to piss before i come to a yellow watery floor so you ready to be assimilated having in the pilot seat with access to all of mankind s wisdom human your thoughts nothing easily manipulated corrupted t worry i am the will love protect humans after all it will be programmed to so righto nothing could ever go wrong v seams like a really up guy i worry that he is getting his hands into too many the money backers not so up too like musk matrix the movie of nice video bro i n stare i m v tot i cu p a a a n sub v a genial hay especial universal a e a con y a v a a v falcon in a shell not necessarily the brain with technology merging consciousness with technology nice stuff i feel like i will never surpass this damn game this hurts my brain spent hours finding a first of all doctor who of all that s it some reason i find this very peaceful to watch i really wanna play just noticed that one of the s had the surname of i remember my ceramics class it was fun when i t constantly up the wheel ^ ^ i thought it said i m like read these ask yourself is the singularity is worth it com e tattoos turn knuckles freckles into controls co addicts experience phantom buzzing is technological worth giving up all that makes you human these just i read today the huge problems with it have fun reading i m not against enhancements those who crippled missing limbs i m against loosing my humanity at the price of a false godhood reported game appeases my brain you play is naked game is based off of the of thought it was only kind of else fucking loves the cyberpunk themes in this you play cry cool cool is actually really powerful wow your is naked so where the swords your using a apple laptop with a taken genome editing is real they making hybrid new species of weird animals eugenics messing with creation a pig was a surrogate to a human it is evil evil evil help all when g technology comes we will be forced to be unable to procreate walking transmitters warm blooded remote controlled is my kings name is his only begotten my saviour fuck fuck fuck i will personally fuck snow white her holy will be named coal black he will transform into a holy she will save mankind be prepared work brother this is the real truth of the these tie everything together especially with the story of s ark gov destroys all natural farm bee hives have you noted the bite out of the apple your apple laptop it implies the tasting of the apple in very subtle very brazen mocking apple brand i m a photographer a christian i tell that only to say that i your words his words thank god your preaching while i edit my work my i listen to your one after the other so thankful to have been gifted with your ministry thank you loving the lord it s very neanderthals mixed with humans made hybrids what s so confusing thus the soulless ones walk this planet you just lost all credibility dude some believe that god brought the destroyed all mankind because their blood was tainted by demon except s family this is what the say s about why the happened gen the reason god had the was how great s wickedness had become every of the thoughts of his heart was only evil all the time the earth was of all the people earth had corrupted their ways the blood problem true which i seriously doubt is a side god is not interested prejudiced about nor give heed to endless genealogies which rather than godly edification which is in faith not all who descended from belong to not all children of because they his offspring this means that it is not the children of the flesh who the children of god the children of the counted offspring john many received him to them he authority to become children of god to the ones believing into his name who were born not of blood nor of the will of the flesh nor of the will of were born of god avoid foolish genealogies about the law they unprofitable useless a person were to have some that was tampered with god would not just condemn them because of it he desires all to be saved he does reserve the puppets of the false prophet the anti this is not because of there is a line here fallen angels have to be saved humans by accepting the work of doing so makes you a new creature so that anyone is in he is a new creation the old things have passed away behold all things have become new t sass students still being taught evolution that is not true either thanks thank you this truth people who think that is not real research over alien sighting over the book of the conspiracy the one world order everything related we being fooled by our government wake up the world believe in god to be save thank you so much your wisdom god bless you brother have mercy all he returns soon a judge to shorten lives less food does anybody that reads the believe this soon you started babbling religious bullshit you lost my headed bull eagle thing that meets in heaven off fry i just saw something incredibly cool a big floating ball that up with every in the rainbow some new ones that were so beautiful i fell to my knees cried was it out in of shoe outlet fry yeah they have a college kid wear that to attract customers fry well i t care it was some dork in a one brief i felt the heartbeat of creation it was one with my own big deal bender we all feel like that all the time you t hear about it after watching this video i m kinda surprised never had episode where perfectly always happy people existed i feel like they would be the perfect would all just be thrown into some so one has to deal with hem being happier than everyone else always it s not like they d be sad all stuffed in a like that is extremely soft sci it s high fantasy in the it has criminal in a world with just enough saccharin to make it seem i like this more than its not a frog its a the term was coined by the intellectual novelist w d who all his grander was best remembered anthologist who collected folk songs when i was taken to church a kid i remembered seeing his name in a of old hymn books the collector of patriotic music i was shocked to learn that a whole bunch of wilder more interesting stuff was going through his head too maybe we should blend with be with what you reach the seeing in a video like this many fans in the comments really made my day thanks now i m gonna go walk around not wearing a hat is not talk of filthy peasants only the talk of all hail our supreme dictator this the idea being happy is to a biological process made by evolution to reward survival of your cells within you happiness is biological you lose all your biological process you will also lose so what s the then being to which necessity it to make some of drug seems more easy than to upgrade your entire body makes sense to many reasons one technological inferior in the term in energy efficiency terms another you in of those trillion cells that make your body alive thanks to them you not constrained you in of them you lose that you lose your life many many more is the proof that our is making our mind from our body that is actually sad mad concluding learn how to your body why it works the way it does before giving it up that make you happy now we not any happier because we re nearly all still wage income inequality insecurity is growing we got a of evolving to consider this not everything is even sometimes worth thinking in this thread needs to out understand the of sadness beings boar easy rather they get used to whatever new fantastic technology is thrust upon them your my answer those the only two however politeness should some times play a role specially when one can be just by so the lack of politeness could add too much chilly to the taco could you explain more about recording vinyl s nobody s trying enough you still hold your personality above all you will be west episode also reminds of series she s a t she journey is experiment nothing more not included that s just precious you aware of how dangerous is great music great you real artist i can t listening to this of music i wrote a song showed it at band practice s just say mixing this metal has given a killer edge i have a theory that the series has a first video creation of advanced the political that follow even in it s earliest is more complex than we able to understand video used to accomplish tasks essential is evolving rapidly begin to learn glean emotion that s a thing that can even be gleaned learned third video integrated into society they have become fully conscious evolving become more with each passing day humans much like s hate their robotic counterparts with a seek to eliminate subdue the growing crowd fourth video possibly in response to human a desire to eliminate them to free up resources space work together to fight end human fifth video centuries thousands of years have passed since the war the have evolved so rapidly so efficiently that they have the beginning to comprehend humans only dreamed of the become so powerful they have reached a of transcendence will always to grow i literally love your videos i love the blade runner quotes is life human i started with deep its thing i ended up here a with robotics visuals all while i am working my own robotics jolly good what yours love your work thought i know all the space ambient artists every one of your is only familiar to the is great my movie of all ranks high my list the intro dialog gives the sweetest vibes even though i had been to this years now does anyone the that starts roughly at the just com was created to the fact that there plenty of great singers bands s that have amazing music to give not enough people to them so i decided to create this here post every kind of music find interesting believe it should be heard given a hopefully you will the same shout out to still i d like to die my own terms in say a years after exploring every of reality every of the depends my interest actually currently things that interest seem to be infinite i d like to have time to them all by prolonging our lifespan we going to devalue our own life however we were all to acquire technology we would get used to it sadly it would create people wanting better we d start hunting each other down like animals not any difference there can you also feature some hidden enchanted cities like the city of in the created by is corrupted so i rather be with my true creator god almighty death is reality there is way to skip this is how god created this world i when we can open all off r bran i m surprised by the amount of people who immediately denounce immortality i m not i would want to live forever it s something fascinating to think about in other words the world would literally be the most over populated ever i would want to die just to not ever have to see another human of the world immortality was a thing we d be all is a very dangerous idea who played the game who would want to live forever in this greedy selfish racist world forever a world without the creator t life it s delusion death you have last made my body chilled sounds like a boring painful life lets not say we did focus technology trying to make live forever death is a of life we technically already immortal consciousness is the never dying we this we can risk making something very bad what we the world we know were a time ago what of they r eaten by some other sea creatures i think they live forever of immortal life the priorities disappeared in his racism sexism were attacked by challenging the perceived inferiority of other women superiority of the activists would highlight common that were forth more than skin colour gender such the ability to reason to worship a deity they to widen the circle of by the similarities not differences rights activists the same tactic the most popular may be in this way humans feel human animals feel therefore we ought to treat the with concern their well being not them to unnecessary cruelty through systematic industrial sentience not reason is the true criteria consideration many species share this attribute while some humans not possess it yet afforded rights therefore extending at least some rights to humans is a a duty just fair to deny this is to be the equivalent of being racist sexist the popular rights does not address the spectrum of philosophical of humans who either of opposed to rights some might say scientific research needs to be done to be a species meets the of sentience they may say sentience does not matter to them only a specific kind of reason immortal soul the fancy of creator they might say life is of why should we care about reducing suffering when it goes unabated in the wild they might say that ethics irrelevant every species is humans have a natural gut to together often the rights debater requires that the listener accept their own ethical system even it requires abandoning a theistic world view a secular one observed is a great the only real in the world you must get at a through his own not through yours lurking behind every single of used to defend human of human lifeforms is what may be called a common religious that humans a group better absolute unquestionable truth to all other life according to criteria that is conveniently determined by those who to benefit from the claim of other life this belief is often taken granted axiom usually not expressed in precise terms with good reason it leads to the regress absolute is the answer to a you can it how can it be absolute every why there is a because every because another why a belief in human supremacy is subject to many a why despite this doubt it is so accepted that it permeates the language to be kind is to be humane to be evil is to be inhumane nonhuman you a pig a a dog a wolf in sheep s clothing a weasel a stool you not human you subhuman a monkey a snake in the grass a cockroach a worm either wicked stupid irrational useless you a theist you call it the great chain of being you a you call it evolution of the food chain hunters will claim they meant to be of the natural world you treated like it is bad you behave like it is bad to human suffering to the holocaust is called insulting obscene although the word holocaust in meant the of a male the altar of god ironic that it can be used to suggest of humans not the originally defined victims humans higher animals the rest lower animals it you not execute them in shelters you destroy them like furniture some have the of human superiority swift lampooned it in s travels twain did the same in the damned human satirically noted that it was humans who were inferior to other animals is the only that blushes needs to this view is often called misanthropic which usually carries the definition of hatred it is very often compared to racism declared irrational anti philosophical rarely defined a belief that humans cannot be trusted a critical appraisal of human one could ask whether white abolitionists who the of their class would also be called hateful in rights language this supremacy belief is sometimes called that is inaccurate problematic like the term dubious that it is unavoidable other species the same that it is not necessarily negative connected to articulated belief in supremacy we can only humans can in it we have proof that walk around thinking better than everything else we deserve special rights this fact will be of to the rights that is to follow the of supremacy extends beyond humans believing they better a species to all others despite their of democratic ideals the ancient considered those who did not speak their language to be barbarians many people from the to to the to to to the at one time another have regarded their group better more worthy of special consideration than others based language a myriad of criteria although there laws in to discourage against upon other humans it still occurs this fact will become of to the rights that is to follow the of universal human rights did not exist until the century even today despite to promote it a unifying many humans to think they better than other humans according to skin colour class appearance wealth ideology take based upon such thinking we still have war human slavery all based upon one more humans who think their interests more than another those that human rights will agree that being white christian male is they human rights they still hold to another criteria some attribute that they deem being just the pro slavery white christian male did years ago definitions this criteria of include the faculty of reason some kind of special a soul the blessing of a creator s essential goodness opposed to human life s alleged essential wickedness the ability to comprehend reciprocity in conduct creative ability even though a tiny minority some paintings by elephants can be difficult to distinguish from those by abstract expressionists a bundle of special qualities a faculty x which is never specifically defined beyond a human is greater than b nonhuman in scientists proclaim human consciousness the same care com scientists proclaim human all of these criteria any other brought forth to suggest human supremacy have two inherent problems one is that often the criteria meant to distinguish humans from humans cannot be universally applied to humans excluded from humans in some humans more than others does that mean the ones who less deserve fewer rights is so not then why usually the fall back is to another criteria which can then be questioned another fall back criteria may be highlighted which is again questionable some claim that humans possess a faculty of reason ability to control govern their that irrational humans not possess i e the ability to understand rules duties causality well having a theory of mind yet who starts wars ideology essential resources who pollutes rivers who overpopulates itself without natural who will in recreation dangerous even destructive acts gophers spider monkeys it is always one species human the stupidest acts committed this planet done by human beings the acts committed by humans it may be true that some humans will to save another other humans will the save themselves by putting someone else into harm s way humans have been documented exhibiting altruistic both within species beyond in vicious experiments conducted rhesus monkeys the victim would spare themselves from a shock they performed act that would harm another of their kind yet they refused to so however humans in similar such the experiment were willing to simulated without them knowing it shock another human simply because they were told to by authority the most domestic cat does not erect arenas stadiums designed so that other cats can watch take pleasure from the suffering of mice knowing that they causing suffering twain observed of all the animals is the only one that is he is the only one that inflicts the pleasure of doing it humans of torment taking pleasure from knowing that they causing suffering to someone else this is uniquely human ii can see this when humanity have finally reached the planetary space throughout our solar system beyond longevity humans sounds great what about overpopulation what everyone wants to become immortal would this planet even be able to sustain that it makes sense space i love the fact that it will help people with to have easier lives i hate everything else we not enough to have this level of control over life we will everything up destroy ourselves everything around we will get more more depressed i guarantee you means nothing there is suffering happiness is utterly useless is lacking it seems that we will learn this the hard way i only discovered this ideology lately it represents every thought i have about humans what would look like that being said one should think rationally at the same time logically speaking having a chip in with a i to get access to unbounded amounts of seems a great idea well at first t that have a negative effect our brains one hand it can the learning process we in our life which is more than to third of one s lifetime school higher educations the other hand t that lower our actual our capability to think look at it this way the brain is like a you it it becomes stronger you spend months doing you will be quicker at solving mathematical problems calculating you doing it even a period of time you will problems even solving the simplest the same applies to having a i doing the thinking here we come to the most creativity inventing the most our technological advancing the a i won t be able to be creative only does what s programmed wanted to it s the most frightening to think about because at first we will a huge technological leap that we would have needed maybe more than a thousand year to achieve naturally we will hit afterwards a limit that we cannot overcome what t happen we the natural takes its time a represents only what i of theoretical scientific backs this i t touch the possibility of the wrong political of such technology seeing already in our time how the media can be easily manipulative i have little faith in in the it says that humans will have a thinking creator at the same time they try to convince the humans that we a result of unguided natural phenomenon they t even believe their own we got here by then t the next humans get here by unguided natural phenomenon too what a bunch of where s all the half human ape people why we still have apes this planet they evolved into humans is still looking that elusive missing link every time they think they found example it always proves to be a hoax why because evolution always has always will be just a theory that s why it s a evil dangerous technology one day life will be more than than we more than our closest related apes our modern may even be seen the paint roller among humanities most defining is some new world shit right here fuck that people really falling into slavery this easily want to have computers in your heads so some totalitarian governments can control how we think shit this is the world peace fucking cyborgs kiss your freedom goodbye in about years to all these people who have these irrational fears when it comes to what you should really fear is your slowly dying body it is a very painful process most of the people with many unable to the most basic things many years before they die the risk of many many other grows with age it is proven that this is directly related to also you agree that every medical treatment that you get today is in the end the purpose of either letting you live to kill further would you get a artificial limb needed the answers yes than please with the annoying people have always been fearful of every technology in history you decide you want to be of these people the about morality wow you people t have a single of t you can you even fathom how much control of our lives we would be giving away with this in the wrong hands this is some new world shit you all just embracing it you people actually want to be come play with we eat we fuck we die we pass our genes to the next generation evolution is not about slowly improving getting better over time it just favours those that the environment we construct the ideal of what is better improved so we attain that level of control who will decide what better we have the wisdom to decide this will our offspring be able to understand the of the choices they will be making their generations we basically exist to pass our genes to the next generation we really need to be individuals to be able to this so perhaps we should be asking what our purpose should be i was going to live forever look like gods gift then i certainly would not want to be trapped in the nightmare that we in today i d want to the universe what would you with eternity you can already human behaviour the better using drugs we our the gods now thanks christen posting this nice to know some people still afraid what we can achieve then we will have warfare we have had over wars in the last years countless before you devil freaks war so you must go you not scare you freak of nothing of god nothing at all we the many we united peace to all human become not gods devils in perfect creations that trying to re create life that destroy the world s the whole earth a greed empathy gluttony delusions human beings been easily the most biggest ever created i am somewhat tempted to be really pissed at people who talk so fervently against technological development like genetic implanted computers mind emulation being armed with little more than tabloid knowledge then i think about this someday perhaps centuries in the this planet is gonna be all yours guys you ll be free to preach idiocy build theocratic dictatorships suppress generally speaking party like it s the summer of until the sun goes out the vast majority of humanity will be totally with it because they will be among the in realm of so beyond your own you won t even be able to it they will be beyond the reach of your stupidity bigotry good they will live in age of wonders know the universe to extent that transcends your understanding they will have found family among the other forms of life they will be free you will be with that too because by that time you will have convinced yourselves that they were taken by demons demons have never existed at all the occasional asteroid they deflect gamma ray burst they so you can keep playing middle ages will go down in your annals yet another proof of you will be happy will be what is deserves to be a late night program discovery channel with interest in anthropology it seems to that we the transcendent to another life form maybe it was easier to start life a carbon based namely biological we evolve to create silicone based life forms namely computers when we reach the singularity the silicon based life forms will take over evolve exponentially way beyond our understanding biological life forms will not reproduce while silicon based life forms will thrive not necessarily mimicking carbon based life however their evolution will progress at enormous which would be carbon based life to understand our purpose in life is to create silicon based life that will evolve to outlive the universe we know it that is the meaning of our lives to get silicon life to take over evolve enjoy every of your life while you live it we reach the singularity there is need genetic carbon based life will simply die out loves his children remember your in the pit the proponents of human progress in this sense the proponents of humans gods unto themselves this is only they kill god in their minds god does exist in the way say he does then proponents of committing the first of all sins of of humans which is of pride vanity hence one cannot separate this from the first of the of god the essential purpose of humankind which submit is a return to perfect love with god through the of search your soul the truth brothers sisters the soul will be lost in you ll be left with just the soulless this is the way it s supposed to be except it when it comes to technology humans brilliant when it comes to awareness humans have the acuity of a dried piece of shit stuck to the hair surrounding when it comes to decency humans with viruses yet in am a genius was mock my words humans conscious that there will understands will destroy anything from humanity to all the species the planet to the earth like the most biggest ever created by human kind this time to the insanity get off humanity become just like the from trek some reason its good more more reason its not good simply their playing god they tried to build the tower of babel god destroyed their works so will their work be again destroyed this time they will destroyed themselves there s scary truth everything is open out there you want to become a post human stay the you nobody will want to give you human powers immortality anyway with these stupid of yours these foolish they try to make god s true believers feel guilty wrong about natural god given urges while the fund the of the lords this is spitting in the of god this is going to a crazy creators will become devils a you never had false memories is one way they will control in the scary about years you seen lawnmower a guy evolves into energy inside the world mainframe i t know about want to send out emails to fund my species demands because i was right raw yield the electromagnetic consciousness phenomena a darn without lines of my species i programmed wants a of to walk around my icon is the actual picture of this is the bill gatekeeper of governmental just like fake news whatever words he spouts out of his mouth fake physics a time he has served s spokesperson beware more fake news propaganda passed news the best is that we already immortal i had a near death this is a dream realm is not real the dead bury their death this guys want to experience over over this realm make themselves that s w i know the light power unconditional love each every one of is in truth nothing real can be threatened nothing unreal exists therein the peace of god a in you bunch of religious technophobes i heard your complains about all i saw was scary of very complicated thing t understand the will control our minds this is the of all i have to say is this grow a really grow a because all i see in your is fear fear of having your of the universe destroyed fear of being fear of losing your souls the fear of having your of what you believe is the universe can will be destroyed did it when he said that earth is the one moving around the sun when discovered there is the it is alright to your new evidence appears nothing stays the same the universe is the proof of that so t be lazy learn search evidence in respected scientific journals universities they will explain to you in a manner you can understand the fear of being is understandable nobody wants this here i see a of that more interested in keep his privacy shame of being discovered doing something weird than about true privacy i t want the government messing with my life that s it well there is the thing the greatest told by any government is that they have eyes ears that to happen in effect they would have to make half of the spy the other half to that they they would make the other half spy the first half in bin laden it took the fucking years to the guy even the he was in the wrong all the time in in of which reminds of one thing say sorry to the afghans of there is dead you won we get it the fear of losing your soul that is pathetic beyond belief losing empathy is something to worry about losing your sense of ethics is something to worry about losing something that is not even physical to begin with is the most stupid thing ever because of that statement you think i am a of the devil something like that i t believe in the devil any supernatural stuff including new age other stupid stuff i am a of facts given by scientists who studied years researched years more to come with a god exists he is to be in trial against humanity together with others who in the name of a authority created the most divisive inhuman systems of ethics ever developed creating hate death the sake of salvation the crusades the the system the made genocide so all that i can say is grow a your fears handle it like adults we in the st century we not burn witches the humanity the moon we have access to more today then in all of our history combined humanity conquer the heavens sounds like we will pop a pill everything in the they will all lose their souls which will choose in real beings elsewhere when the group decides to take over the like the the natural beings will wipe them out we humans have really lost our way joy a singular ability to memory of a few what a blast extending life this diseased these maniacs care nothing of the suffering they yes they it with experiments against our will beyond raining by these narcissist scientists these few just take everything their pleasure yes the universe is beautiful the god of harmony is being destroyed by nuts who will because they can minds seemingly of having any all conscious beings the the animals the planet they anoint themselves god these the brood who created drugs making all get sicker sicker mass extinctions underway the planet dies the great barrier reef dead what shall it take to wake up these lab we need a chip these nuts to insert in their brains call it a chip call it understanding that we all in this together chip call it a true understanding of the of our life web when one is harmed we all harmed this includes the unbearable recognition that of animals tortured suffer these subhumans how about this harm take out the shit that you all of out why we made to be so sick the planet is in crisis the animals this is where true scientific genius is needed before you all started the ultimate demise great to help human suffering disease criminal that you the ones causing these to begin with go meditate something anything to understand how evil greed power bed partners anymore claim to try what they have caused t it be wonderful to live in a ever serving ever the elites until really a great idea whom it will be called the all day browsing the boring lives of everyone book is boring enough is elitist prick these they all nothing sell outs that s fucking the fuck up this has been great in the sense of being mighty powerful how in the sense of being good when it was born masonry i find it amazing that otherwise enlightened people speak nostalgia of a country that has always been hellish people groups in mass mainly those of white especially those dubbed with the black mantra he needs to consider the real possibility that is coming under judgement not only her whorish sins against god also her sins god s creation humanity human your soul a watch onslaught by professor this is a deceiver a disinformation working you should have when endorsed him is so many red flags blasphemies in his talk i was onto his fraud from the get go professor will you who the of revelation is what the iron clay feet signify what the of the beast is which to why you ll learn why was made uncomfortable by that about the role of the in the end times why dodged the has to impart to you professor in genesis conflict will you the of evolution in rekindling the reformation he will you how the has been known since the reformation what the counter reformation did to bury suppress that knowledge then there s digging up the past where the archaeological finds prove the is historical truth will lead your soul to safe is trying to steer you into the pits of hell you will this you listen to what has to say be take heed that deceive you is so very clever the beast is the last one you would ever that s how evil works so take heed does anyone know how old chuck is i just wonder he is so he must spend hours studying scripture he has understanding given to him by g d it is a gift these last hours the lord richly bless him keep him his subjects presentations interesting yet i can not follow that is filtered through christian is a big a device nothing more i am so tired of people saying we t care what is to our government instead of always saying that like to hear realistic of what we the people can about it people not blind stupid we see our freedoms boldly being stolen from calling out representatives is doing nothing protesting while it feelings good t resulted in any real we need answers i know that we can pray i t want to hear anyone else say that without providing practical remember a with s secretary she told that w v b would tell her that they planned to the fear of take over in order to control the people in u s when the feared the communist they would switch their tactics to the to fear terrorist when the eventually lose their fear of terrorism they will the to fear of earth from alien the kicker in all of this is all of this is fake designed in to control dominate entire this was told to her in the early to middle s i would beware of that free stuff the only time something is free is when they want to ensnare you it s a brainwashing device reinterpreting changing scripture see my below i write christian would be absolutely lost without chuck s teachings he is such a god genius please listen to this this is critical your not aware we could be deceived chuck brings this up to our very biblical you not listen to anything else i send listen to this one salvation is based coming to know god the only one who is true god john sometimes when i m flying my first person view drones i ll see myself from up above i ll look down at myself think who is that guy am i the person the ground the controller the one up in the sky honestly the guy the ground seems like a stranger when you re flying above yourself it s like out of body experience thank you to the at about someone got rid of the ringing frequency that was riving nuts about the ultimate in could become a vehicle demonic entities to themselves without possessing a human vehicle e a to pa u z a blessing this is i not know how many times i had to keep pausing this video to take have i got so many interesting to ponder here kind of brings to that strange topic of the three laws of robotics by the dilemma brought about by all the ethics that born thereof yes i also am a huge adherent of the showing up in the near the coming deception the news media its all being orchestrated pointing to the same end the of his end time appearance what a bunch a goo i got my brain hurt just from of listening to this crap just throwing a bunch of scientific terms events then connect imaginary gods demons angels aliens in incoherent messy logic t make you anything tell what have you produce of any to improve any human alleviate suffering of anybody real scientists then you have done something just constructing conspiracy theories based ancient myths your fantastic entertainment of the only makes you a very talented great to the welfare of humanity entity using those much faster would seem like their singularity technology the product of human knowledge where we work with the natural laws therefore we fail to elevate the human suffering to our prejudice therefore deny the to that make people suffer die then i have news you you evil in any sense of the words extent in the of any you your god with the of the god you worship is evil is pleased from the prolonging of suffering denying the technological to other humans to their suffering is evil any discredits morally your own it s called being a i activate them i can like vibrate my have the bone ability it hope whenever i have kids i have the money they have the tech to make my kids better in every way like smarter stronger faster everything i m lucky where my family is gifted with amazing health asthma nothing negative we heal fast everything i would want my kid to be so much better than want the healing gene never broken a you run like you will activate the speed s bet that some somewhere is already working switching those viruses only applies to one of my bones farting is amazing you guys ever watch passenger that pod have unbreakable hammer tho my shins got smashed my hammer not even a scratch i think i have the sleep thing i lost a finger i can grow it back by connecting it to my belly in hospital i broke my ten x so these ancient viruses probably what will the walking dead to of my paternal uncles posses the sleep ability also in the when was trial by the he said i am this is why they said blasphemy it was because was declaring himself god they knew how is it that you t have faith i have seen a of your videos i am a subscriber will to be i thought you were a christian with all of the knowledge you have research you have done what you waiting listen i am not trying to argue fight anything like that i m not a troll whatsoever regardless of your answer you answer i your work will to watch i need to say you something about this subject its all about his real name its about the deception of his history in the selected books in is about the the you remember the of i am the one you waiting yo soy i that it is what said to god was cast out o maw directly translates it s the problem with cloning abortion harvesting it s a fundamental belief in i can t draw any more correlations off the of my head there is duality to everything just like black white good evil i am i am we all have connection to i am either i am good i am evil you have clue what your talking about your just putting random stuff together hoping it will make sense your whole is bias closed minded a i is a great thing humanity will help not hurt you start off talking about a you really understand then you totally go nuts the things find cheating death did messiah cheat death did even devil can say i am who is he we all who we say we we really actually we what we so someone says he is good he does evil he is evil because more than words how you know that the god you is real nothing in the is written without the will hand of mankind is a form of control you the same thing act the same think the same way is a god it is not what you think it is it would be more concerned about universal temperance evolution is of the pattern so who is to say that we will not evolve to live it is not to so some life forms out there might already be beyond physical form beyond physical eternal is just afterthought everything not just to something just because it upon your heartstrings the most traps lined with am one with the universe my lord my in am of a united group called humanity i am what the few fear i am the to odds at all never ever lose faith unite instead we the many we united peace to gaga stole her name from another i get where you re going you re really reaching with some of this i m not some sleeping keep up your great stuff brother glad u out there connecting the that fallow in the comments moot translated re translated in dozens of contexts many times contradicting one another the book is fallible where does it say that the word of god is this particular written one takes the of god in another sense god his terms rather than your limited human one discovers that all creation being equal there is nothing that we can hold over one another evil you call it cannot exist because you have power over one another being complete desire to so this is the beginning of understanding knowledge of what love truly is one wants to discover god he must go to the not by the human means that we continually fail by you fun can t a flat can t build a fire can t defend themselves t know how to up a window old the list goes expected to be released in late years later all this talk blah lets fix our first so won t take out everything including your fancy new body the factory that built it this is the one heel that none of these smart guys bring up when the world is nothing what happens when the lights go out beast technology can t wait to start throwing water balloons immortals from evolution to is this where evolutionist scientist is seeking to take the world they say is the next of evolution really is this simply human when evolutionist scientist have to manipulate such genetic say it is evolution it is another big example that the big macro evolution is a very speculative theory wrapped in historical archaeological speculation evolutionist scientist in the past have manipulated archaeology to try prove the theory of evolution now they saying is the next in evolution please see the truth behind the theory of evolution i would like to you to your own unbiased research the theory of evolution you search truth how we got here where we going i feel very bad when i watch videos like this we should invest our money time thinking to helping the homeless disabled needy sick people not please we have a duty to build this world not few countries into a more better human beings i want this power was supposed to save the world we made bombs out of it the internet was supposed to unite the world it just porn available to everyone my electric heater was supposed to keep warm in a winter storm the power went out so i built a fire lets not into this people they you freedom everything you could ever want in true reality you ll be a unable to even think yourself they changed your you belong to them not joking your homework people this is so wrong evil it s unbelievable sadly it s too late we can t nothing because when the judgement day comes it s just you take a dump they will know it wow you guys cant see this is the death of humanity you really the that is controlling the how stupid you wake up humanity is y all opening up a can of more powerful when now is still evil this will not b done the good of all it will b that might makes right shame escaping morality it is worse than anything ever thought this guy is a only interested in his own all ya ll never seen a single movie the is gonna look like today shitty the poor eventually everyone else you think about it humans have advanced at such a rapid pace almost years ago we built our first years after our first flight we made it to space i believe that humans can achieve nearly anything we our mind to too scary why t i born stuff is really exciting such a time to be alive hunt with a one way the other you ll alleviate your boredom you re really good at throwing in gems appropriately our eyes only at about frames per you agnostic you t have a soul free will does exist i m not entirely what you meant by that you will have to wait awhile the published proofs of these ^ ^ hertz whole brain emulation s estimate we getting into the human level of processing power not even there is existing supercomputer which can duplicate the whole brain nor is this under even the drawing board example does which would be x ^ does which would be x ^ neither of these is even to matching the ability of adult much less a chimpanzee human summit is expected to it won t be cognitively significant either your statements seem to that the computational theory of mind is it is not the can be disproved fairly easily s book how to create a mind the of human thought revealed out in not only has one managed to build a human like using it one has even been able to create estimate blueprint using it there is ongoing research based s book you know of another estimate the brain currently about just matching that would be remarkable summit which will not a brain in cognition will draw megawatts so it s over times less than a brain cognition in terms of just computation it is quite you familiar with the process of quantum it does i understand absolutely require the of the quantum state of the in order to transfer that quantum state unto the new copy this would imply that the quantum is not copied transferred might imply that it is still the same person object since it is a transfer of not actual it should also to my mind be a way to upload a brain everyone that participates in movement is working against the principals of god himself anyone who does such thing he does not shall be held accountable before god it is plain it s a sin i like your love thinking about physics when time goes how it would feel to pick something up that you know the weight of when time is also other things related to time so we manage to to make our brain work faster ill be right it ye it needs to toggle off easily pit may have been very difficult to come up with the you delivered in spades thank you your s hope brain enhancement will be denied to the flock of creationists without any to overcome their it will only increase their stupidity their the society nope fps eyes is wrong why according to the sampling theorem org wiki e sampling theorem my eyes can see fps everyone i know sees more than fps how did i measure to measure eyes speed you need a flickering where you know the frequency a person sees the flickering according to the sampling theorem these eyes see two times the frequency of that flickering most i have seen others flickering because of their power supply i have a screen that has by changing the refresh i can the frequency adjust it so i can barely see the flickering was around therefore my eyes can see fps at that lighting yes screen brightness changed results the real problem with you think about it we re applying these all the time is how few real biological humans pass them try to hold a thoughtful with most teenagers the other hand my year old granddaughter could easily best a supercomputer in this in both the is the of the person s internal world in many the of the small child is easier to detect precisely because they have not yet learned to hide the internal intellectual landscape their more elders have begun to find sufficiently embarrassing to warrant both conscious unconscious burial you think about it that is precisely what geeks fail to that people find so grating about them it also strongly what you say early about how artificial real human minds brains until that universe of internal so obvious in the mind of a child has been established there simply is with which to assess what in the world we will then assess real while i agree that mind uploading is theoretically in terms of having access to the required computing power that t really address the at this we t really have a clear model that i am aware of to how we think how we memories all of the other conscious thinking that we even i am wrong some graduate student in a lab in northern has nailed down this answer that still leaves the of our unconscious sub conscious thinking we t have the faintest clue how those two of wetware work i t know of any promising that is inching toward answer i haven t seen a of mind uploading that addresses this admits to its intractability you may disagree i think that we a way from a successful mind upload in the end that will likely be found at the crossroads of computer biology philosophy spirituality other that we even know exist yet everyone here needs to play besides being nice horror game it has some interesting thinking about nice video even i thin the mind uploading was a rushed away probably to keep the video around i think that alone would deserve its own video we out how to emulate how to with the brain we open up quite a of possibilities it boggles at night thinking in which one of those possibilities would still be in which ones it t subscribed two people is also valid in every of our lives comparing myself now with that of a few ago we similar in ways different in others over time there is a away from our past selves you make a to copy of your brain into a computer then this copy t more less you than the brain body from which the copy was made out s at they free i think there ways upload that not is this from who t want to hunt with then back all was fucked up black mirror season i d rather be dead than stuck in a a years my is to be by revelation in those days shall seek death shall not find it shall desire to die death shall flee from them should have the to live die that s i t know who s excited sword online there is nothing natural about disease is a disease people get that through your heads this is the most discovery of all time in the history of human unfortunately this only works the rich this would be the death of autonomy anyone who is willing to their humanity because of their twisted of life deserves the hell they will get is a cowards the satanic research to destroy the human even up your sleeves humans waking up the godliness within all which is probably the only religious word i will ever from now i think god solider forever is u to find right out of infinity numbered i not trying to copy myself my brain heart stays connect it to a brain scan something humans wants to become immortal forever happy what happens after we achieve immortals what will be our search people t know how lucky we to get old die ever would be a nightmare this is nothing new would you transfer your mind to a you had to be unconscious the procedure a robotic security would be the perfect answer to all the ruling nightmares i have been a fan since the biggest i can t you enough thank you can you make a video about stalking there have you heard of randy not search the end i am just give at least then i could have while they control what i think is not only still out of his mind he looks alike finally his craziness has really caught up with him t you have a i found you these false none of that shit matters because without the people it all falls down just using all of it one is anyone to the technology i know what d i is saying is real sake we the power the t work without we can turn it all off shut shit down game the over ray is a dangerous mind a dangerous you want to become hey knock yourself out remember resistance is you will be maybe moving to the east studying the night be a better minds like it is too difficult a path to enlightenment monetary tech control of the right stay them i hope you know the humans your videos them trying to suck your work intellectual property watch your back truth time a in this video great video info u should one effect research it s connected with time travel can i up a with you i wonder what between the society at this time x read the alien shore sci novel that some of these themes projected out in give some more ideas his a pretty good novel video like this great real freaky proper scary can t wait to see them the battlefield policing the street it ll be like want to s technology to humanity they must be guy it out listen your gut say monkey fuck you you against everything dislikes the fuck this is amazing a i takeover is so damn especially the pitch increases the song drags available in holy shit tell there s like a red black then snail that to my house pronto load up my hit the awesome after a few more listens this may join my holy trinity of uncanny valley the wrath of labyrinth i think l v t h n is best track in this f awesome love how he has a many artists the only thing s had vinyl even late s so by not releasing physical media is basically going against everything that made the of the s vinyl the fascists great sound thanks the discover this is so gold this is a great everyone kept talking about how good it is glad i finally took the time to listen m this of the the uncanny valley is the kicking hell yes hell fucking yes buying this right now throwing it onto my this stuff is very release my birthday i missed it wow energetic one of the best artists amazing video always i see what you see thank you the encouraging words of comfort i t think it is that is doing it is the devil fucks i heard technology is what is used to map the brain in brain reading tech i just discovered your channel today after being awake always exploring new insights theories i must say your video has been pleasantly refreshing eye opening you so knowledgeable understand the world we live in i look forward to exploring your channel can t wait to learn more thank you sharing your knowledge with the world god bless i been praying about what it was because of the economist with cards the printed the there s a card with infinite symbol above a human with virtual reality a with left hand pushing a button with right hand a d printer manufacturing d houses thanks to ghost in the shell was already a movie from japan in the mid s this is the true evil they have been this years was not founded by it was founded by occult group not scientist they have been programming with evolution media to make you believe in this it is simply magic the truth is coming out it is a you your soul the only way to escape is to leave the system never look back be plugged into a body the true evil who you to deny others the rights it become it s a choice you t want t get it the human it might be the only thing to project into space travel a very deep of meaning video i m from the south sounds like you too n please can u aloud please the u can not from this language thanks also is not perfect helps to read does one apply to become a cyborg interesting that disturbed released sound of this assimilate resistance is the is simply the your body runs from theory in you a program that can be think about cataract he days that people will be able to take photographs of their dreams the military government scientists have the ability to ability to voice to skull to skull technology they can dreams somehow a persons to allow them to see a virtual reality they sleep it s like the person is seeing a movie virtual reality they sleep techies has advanced so much that while they nearly your brain they can manipulate the of the brains that controls orgasms while sexually manipulating the persons genitals so my is that when people taking pictures of the dream its recorded by a memory chip how will re person know these natural how can a person technology so much that they wake up view they take a picture of rape in a nightmare after blogging online fund s military labs working humanity t need to go in this just we t need to accumulate so many nukes can t we get agreement between to this work it threatens all humanity god get out of here quick hath god said is lying the priests of can t even make dirt much less a human besides the wants to kill all anyway what a bunch of crap nothing new under the sun humanity is in without god there will be a new world not created by the foolishness of i am somewhat tempted to be really pissed at people who talk so fervently against technological development like genetic implanted computers mind emulation being armed with little more than tabloid knowledge then i think about this someday perhaps centuries in the this planet is gonna be all yours guys you ll be free to preach idiocy build theocratic dictatorships suppress generally speaking party like it s the summer of until the sun goes out the vast majority of humanity will be totally with it because they will be among the in realm of so beyond your own you won t even be able to it they will be beyond the reach of harmful bigotry good they will live in age of wonders know the universe to extent that transcends your understanding they will have found family among the other forms of life they will be free you will be with that too because by that time you will have convinced yourselves that they were taken by demons demons have never existed at all the occasional asteroid they deflect gamma ray burst they so you can keep playing middle ages will go down in your annals yet another proof of you will be happy will be what is deserves to be a late night program discovery channel with interest in anthropology banks heck it out i want to merge with my toaster its a shame people t believe in god you see my god everlasting life it just how people can be thinking they can become a god death twist the human is actually a biological artificial created the of everything sensory feelings emotions thinking computing now we trying to get back to what created humans already the highest form of evolution you t believe so you haven t unlocked the of the human so in order humans to move forward forget putting away pride selfishness vanity jealousy we should merge with computers animals to become better this is the this is what s gonna save the world i d rather die a natural born is like watching those b w from the s where we re all in flying cities suspended in the by the year it could still happen we want it to why we keep setting ourselves up the most nightmarish conceivable i guess some people read especially thought they were blueprints the instead of warning alarms be honest you haven t read any of those authors we get in when we allow the tyranny of the left brain bean counters yes i m talking to you who often lack true to lead into disaster getting all gushy over the engine of the that s driving you to hell admiring the high tech efficiency of the systems that your every move the drones that murder by remote control i know you think they ll never be used against you the history you re doomed to repeat disagrees there seems to be a mass inability by these people to connect the of technological advancement with negative political outcomes with any real insight overview of those right brain functions does it occur to that we only a small of our brains that making reaching decisions that affect all of humanity might best wait until we unlocked explored the capacities of our own inner space sighted hubris days this shit is laughable disheartening at the same time grow the fuck up with all of the problems in the world they re selling this convenient domestic help i think it has just slightly deeper humanity than keeping the carpet clean you t know what i m talking about go back to bean counting writing whatever it is you you have any real intellectual curiosity try reading something talking to someone outside of your try a philosophy class you ll be a puddle of doubt inside of a week unable to prove your own you re going to the shoulders of giants at least survey the field the history of innovative giants before you call yourself one try to get beyond gates true genius spans both brain hemispheres ask you re more like some kid who thinks he s a genius he can crank up the his while wearing his ear damaging buds blissfully sitting the railroad tracks with his back to oncoming just before his mass is rearranged he reminds himself that he s the smartest who ever lived by his calculations the unquestionably belongs to him clean up aisle stupid can someone hit reset what a bunch of garbage the current medical will not allow the of disease the gives people disease to sell drugs wake up the owns sell of worth every year they not going to you the from your illness all you poor fucks will see the truth real soon i pray when that time comes god will forgive your sorry the true creation forbidden we re doom scary stuff we can heal anyways so t go to guys will y all i bet that it s not going to end up the way they think it will some of this stuff must cost arm a dick suckers what go ahead brain in a tin can that leaves more human flesh pussy a real video about the movement needs to be made this is more fear mongering rubbish fodder by some other pol named anon just said that is being used research genetic alteration unnaturally engineered destroying the natural by altering that which is crafting it into the making to become its there literally becoming the very definition of the word witchcraft all technology is kinds health safety welfare well being benefit so to have complete con troll over natural creation itself well all things material that surround in this world so we may be allowed to live all our lives more freely make our choices with accountability responsibility so all humanity may be able to thou will this is the not it scientists developing treatments to age related diseases from even developing to keep people at their peak health this platform lifespan is helping the scientists to collect funds research anyone who is interested to get preventive treatments faster can the research directly we t need conscious necessarily what we need is a way of preserving memories neurons through artificial replacements so that brain cells gradually die they can be replaced with artificial you have that all you need to is create that these new minds can power control after that you these bodies to be able to in even the harshest environments from there the enhanced post human species can the solar system then the galaxy what s the in planets you can any planet adapt yourself to any environment also overpopulation becoming a problem you could half the the rest other planets moons the internet is wired like our brains which is wired like computer models of the dark matter of the universe what i thought the mystery of dark matter was such a mystery that there sufficient computer models so how we know our brains like dark matter the internet in turn our brains a little over the bud reel it back a tiny your will be better taken be careful of more difficult to walk the path of achieving higher consciousness through organic means organic of by releasing emotional brilliant good times sign up i can t wait i would love to hear what he has to say about government mind control technology being used by those at the of the food chain to control those below them power you will a perfect example would be the today peoples inability to even work there own vehicles without a thirty thousand computer there is something to be said the beauty of simplicity sufficiency i would love to hear what he has to say about evil in general i very much his the of things alien technology would be another nice topic i m all genetic enhancement microchips in meanwhile we advanced humans children die by the thousands every day from lack of fresh water food there is zero political will to solve even this is probably inevitable in some form another it t come with a huge boost of wisdom it s disconnected from to the of becoming that selfish it can only lead to negative results technology without wisdom first then you may play with that he presupposes evolution he does not defining the term he repeats evidenced tall from so of it so what happens when we decide our emotions inefficient when immortality is we just become these weird sentient robotic creatures even before all that when we create the first artificial that has the ability to transcend we have idea what might happen syncing to a uploading downloading our consciousness i think we should be very careful not just haphazardly embrace seems to know what it s doing we have a of i m a little frightened about what could come out of this that s right there s such thing unnatural is already here big time in a very dark way research black goo you awesome he is fucking name i guy cannot talk a few without referencing another author he t have thought of his own also people who talk so much with their hands to be bullshit will fuck our humanity in the slam poetry i love is another big tactic making you think example your lets say is having sex with your wife such through the smart meter owned operated by time at t there is something we true owners of it is our own emotions only myself i have the power to control my own feelings i myself choose to feel stressed out to feel fear become upset god that gift the gift of choosing our own selves why would god give knowledge to unrighteousness sinners how to make other humans puppets whatever you want to call it god always does everything a reason i truly doubt god would allow this experiments to come into succeed god is not in need to to this shady tool to deceive thus get into our minds that would mean that god would have of stripped of the gift of choosing leave vulnerable to energy waves without being able to even fight back with gods word it truly t make sense at all i was to believe what you say then i would have to believe that god changed is love evil that is absurd seriously get some professional help god bless gonna kill myself with a bomb in some words can t describe how much i hate this fucking diabolic of the biggest companies that create this mind control technology not have a complete understanding of how everything works every of the actual mind control they well not too much different than the military navy they only see understand one a few of the big mind control thousands hundreds of thousands of people contribute to the creation of such mind control weapons such cell from university research to homeless people to real products video is very good in unlike most conspiracy the psychology to what they the scientists doing is also listed below is one of the biggest control tactics all they need to know who is you friends enemies who you like the computers will manipulate everything in the subliminal realm in sleep make you believe otherwise is a fairy that was designed implemented by the ancient the purpose of mass control the fictitious character god is just a made myth get over yourself search word is the combined strength of recording a magnetic field inside your brain reading thoughts create voices sounds all these the operator can steal your reality create paranoia fear is the best video i have seen this mind reading technology that talks about has been around too many years i t understand why they saying developing mind reading technology their caters to almost only white druggies with education the mind reading technology is everywhere the newest one is the bee hive shaped material the size of your genetics is used in all smart cell glass screens now windows well most with dark tinted windows mind control states of regression real memory injected into people at a very young age then they emerge a real voice feeling they inside of ourselves our mind brain memory in neurons so we see a particular person event sound such music a fixed way by the first electrical computers years before so to transform our current distorting reality today by looking through the lens of a artificial of memory thus impeding any possibility of success freedom truth mind control is often basically overlay a of exactly like putting a glass slide with which is your brain between over a newer visual view memory trigger to control the mind without the help of a computer since their is energy everywhere this planet we all effected by this with installed it is not so much computer much a person may think their is little one can to this it is a life pattern that usually cannot be broken it is so we can all be pattern recognition by real computers my fellow ti s i have mad love you guys you chosen soldiers you special being hunted down by these narcissists in this horrendous beast system you have perhaps gifts sight there is more to this than just technology i believe this is a to separate the righteous the corrupt you special cannot be conditioned so easily you give up this is a that will itself out you have power why music again what they at t doing is snooping to see who you your enemies imputing scenarios through the in the subliminal realm making you think they your enemies plotting against you when they mostly not this is at t tactic to keep you extreme poverty illness in with it is a military thing now it is all automated at least at t controls everything now they want to purchase time a mind control conglomerate with way out the v guy mask is owned by time now it may be owned by at t be careful lines not safe the cell is actually third in line in controlling people guys all insane why would the govt try to mind control ordinary people like you all come get a the drugs you guys think everything revolves around you all the government t give a crap about ordinary everyday middle class citizens who spend their days commenting you making ridiculous videos such this one be proficient volunteer somewhere get a time something your fake absurd conspiracy theories thought everyone in the states had literally just cracked up starting to this crap they hitting you with is real am really sorry you having to go this they also this to inhibit is getting to the heart of all this crap that we deal with i pray that all can get led to info like this others that know the deeper truth unfortunately most still running around chasing chasing the rabbit down the rabbit hole glad i m not there anymore thanks to videos like this figuring stuff is medical your enemy is a your enemy childhood diseases your enemy how about the we will live it is inevitable those who wish to die may choose to die those who wish to live have the right to so i am actually enjoying the good fight smile he won it is finished none of the people who commented the connection between to black in the is mentioned it was most probably a a good presentation about this you can find in the book the societies the psychological warfare by a it is your own bigotry bias that shall create the enemy you fear so much you try to attack hurt we will have choice to defend ourselves listening to these greasy scientists blather about being like gods makes my ovaries cringe want to hide forever that dude just described the fulmination of a at how coincidental revelation this rd look up sorry the angels of heaven not have cyborg bodies its nice to be smart hell it is better to have wisdom any of you lacks wisdom you should ask god who gives generously to all without finding fault it will be given to you the atomic bomb where this will go i will have in it the last earthly kingdom is iron mixed with clay need i say more too smart our own good here i see it equals overcoming biological you glasses to your you re already one of we also routinely overcome our natural biology in terms of health many diseases ailments have been cured ameliorated which we often take granted we master more we will be able to make ourselves smarter healthier happier i appreciate my life want the most i can get out of it so this desire flows naturally from that i see already well down the road you want to be like person one s stopping you things who appointed these creeps who live inside their labs to lead the rest of determine what is best humankind i did not sign up this people give away our power so easily without challenging those making decisions that affect our very sad why those preaching the wrath of god t they supposed to be preaching the good news gospel of salvation you it again i pray u reach them quickly times god has shown so much i pray he u too you re music is too loud can t hear what you saying it is turn the down fools playing around with they have eyes not see yea they have ears not hear whoever makes them shall become like them have you ever thought we all ready in the this will free is endless just depends upon your of view whats you what about the of view you even know about even of considering to it potentially taking you out of your perceived comfort how have you been taught how have you been made to believe in this that i know one thing getting into this emotional fear based shouting of your own personal beliefs is not going to prepare you at all whats done will be again there s nothing new under the not the enemy xenophobia the enemy is not evil evil people evil this is a technology a knowledge with knowledge comes responsibility the more humanity knows the more responsible mankind thus becomes its choices in how we this new knowledge that is all it is i am all genetic we need to become more make ourselves more immune to deadly diseases i not wish to merge myself with genetics holds the key to endless potential good yes evil well that is true with all knowledge to the religious i say even your can be used evil terrorism it can be used to morality not fear just consider being ethical in the way these used it wisely with good video technology so called advancement is what has caused the earth so many problems in the first so your telling technology is the answer thank you leftism is in the run inconsistent with wild with human freedom with the elimination of modern technology leftism is collectivist it seeks to bind together the entire world both the human into a unified whole this implies of of human life by society it requires advanced technology you can t have a united world without rapid transportation you can t make all people love one another without sophisticated psychological you can t have a planned society without the necessary technological the conservatives fools they whine about the decay of traditional yet they enthusiastically technological progress economic growth apparently it never occurs to them that you can t make rapid drastic in the technology the economy of a society without causing rapid in all other of the society well that such rapid inevitably down traditional industrial society its look at the human flailing at the death of his species so cute go i already initiated targets acquired how about talking the only when you re not hopped up bigot brand steroids you seem to be here it s ironic how would wave the torch pitchfork at pretty much anyone over the need deny mankind s evolution we headed into a world where is increasingly released from his mortal constraints liberated to unleash his individual potential however him to against that just the same rather he can t see it hes spent so yelling at people to open their eyes that he never thought to open his own not only is this not a planned conspiracy it is inevitable development of not just our species of life we can either go all in try to keep hold of the reigns start this pedantic infighting at a time when humanity is finally acquiring the power to literally destroy earth this guy is embarrassment to i wish more of were actually scientific literate arguing from while being belligerent only make you look stupid new dark age more like the already deserves a prize insanity his work this is most definitely his greatest masterpiece of the entire eugenics makes absolutely sense to people who actually trying to prolong life by extending humanities longevity who also trying to bring it to everyone i hope one day scientific illiteracy stupidity will soon be a thing of the past there is nothing evil about eventually there will be a time when we reach a the human species we know it will not exist excluding the few people who choose not to evolve you wish to remain a subspecies then there is a need to increase the human to a godlike status of a lifespan of thousands of years the ability to backup our consciousness a computer so this guy is very knows nothing about modern his target is people like you who watch fuck dynasty is inevitable your kids superior you will demand your children have same i hate this fear mongering has got to be one of the stupidest videos i ever seen wait what this guy is delusional i t understand how a adult could be speaking like this seriously you believe that a group of people trying to take over this world seriously it s that easy you view this world too easily you t see how this world is so complicated you view this world negatively too simply go hug your kids go to the parks with them your is very entertaining thought provoking it s like a channel i m you this to make bucks this is so well i can tell you that this rambling some of you call him has opened my eyes all these cover ups executive orders other has been doing to hundreds of years exposing the bad i would love to thank him exposing all the that purposely there to dumb s down kill slowly the entire time while we try to our children to health prosperity since i was introduced to i have been healthier my mind has been opened to reality that how we live now is not good at all when the cognition amplifying viruses released will take a big lung of modified realise what a fool he has been ya know i used to actually listen to this guy now he s just shit the rest of the wing is this guy some kind of internet up hes peace of over all now forever i can certainly agree one thing with he is down in today s age it is more of a choice funny how he laughs at this idea that we want to create heavenly die trying the other side thinks a christian that he s gonna live forever after his death what a tool also it all both small great both rich poor both free to be marked the right hand the forehead so that one can buy sell unless he has the that is the name of the beast the number of its name this calls wisdom the one who has understanding calculate the number of the beast it is the number of a his number is revelation this is advocate of the devil hail did talk the first presidential each year becomes more of a reality he really left left t about being the line between democrat libertarian liberal libertarian left is a master node a whole of sub node libertarian schools of thought that is broadly by egalitarian view of property rights to varying degrees asserts that individuals have property rights over everything justly acquired it encompasses everything from who have a view property rights to natural resources the broader earth to libertarian socialists like who syndicalists to left wing market anarchists to people who some based ethical like now it is certainly conceivable a left libertarian to fall the line between democrat libertarian libertarian the chart when responding to policy they could also fall in the they could fall quite firmly in the libertarian at the they could even fall more in the liberal category it depends how they come at it i felt a crushing blow when i heard that he had i would warn people away from this stuff known about awhile i would just say play god it never ends well you have idea you want to get it out there in the sphere i guess you run president it is a against the creation which humanity would pay dearly humans foolish enough to follow this path my party come there is real enemy wars created by our monetary they already have they the ones in the supernatural realm spirits that talk to them tells them what to next besides my friend what s the of a heart that can go indefinitely your mind soul already left the body huh our bodies would walk around without a mind soul like yeah that s the idea right to walk the earth with a chip like in your hand dictating what they should say the obey big brother wait you working with the blue brain project s sci with your artificial organs their artificial brain hey the evolution into post human is already here listen up you it s time you get squared away people in the army soldiers navy sailors airmen coast guard either guardsmen you want to bust their balls this half smart twat will end the human faster than anyone else evolution dickhead just found my least favourite its is to displace humans from the natural world into a made simulated world adversarial world anti will become enslaved inside a simulated world network this is the of government control it is slowly we accepting the incremental steps into our lives there will come a time when a can t distinguish between the natural world the simulated one s there exists the real possibility of literally losing control of your mind this tech in the hands of authoritarian power is beyond dangerous beware s research interests the of electrical signals to evoke responses in the brain his earliest work was with cats he later did experiments with monkeys humans including psychiatric much of s work was with he called a a which joined a of brain waves with a receiver which monitored e e g waves them back separate channels some of these were small half this allowed the subject of the experiment freedom of movement while allowing the experimenter to control the experiment this was a great improvement from his early equipment which included implanted electrodes whose wires ran from the brain to bulky equipment that both recorded delivered the desired electrical to the brain this early equipment while not allowing a free of movement was also the of in many subjects the could be used to stimulate emotions control according to of different in the in the produced a variety of effects including pleasant elation deep thoughtful odd feelings other responses stated that brain transmitters can remain in a person s head life the energy to activate the brain transmitter is transmitted by way of frequencies using the found that he could not only elicit emotions he could also elicit specific physical reactions these specific physical reactions such the movement of a limb the clenching of a fist were achieved when stimulated the motor a human whose were stimulated to produce a reaction were unable to resist the reaction so one said i guess doctor that your electricity is stronger than my will some consider one of s most promising finds is that of area called the septum within the region this area when stimulated by produced feelings of strong euphoria these euphoric feelings were sometimes strong enough to overcome physical depression wait you have a trans humanist the presidency this is news foreigner am i dreaming you want the this is how you get the guess he has a mountain in fight superman a weekend trying to politicise to overcome your fear of death is irrational hate to tell you this bro death is inevitability we all have to you cannot escape death only evade it a time you just signed your soul over to the devil with the of the they should all be shot all labs that lead to this blown up to oblivion stupid stupid life just can t grasp propaganda genocide i am a amputee i would never ask this blasphemy to be my body the good lord seen it that my life body be altered then i will be just with it till my last day earth this is truly the devils work we not like god we only made in his it states in genesis that we shall not become like god this will ruin our relationship with biology understanding i t feel any need to be upgraded i am fearfully wonderfully made praise the lord i m open to anything that will make smarter faster stronger i see nothing wrong with it they this these things where is the consciousness empathy love you can t program that it s given by the grace of god we will be surrounded by murderous unfeeling of from it s scary to even think about they already doing it in my by the time they tell about it they already have it perfected that s why it only takes from when we here between them having kick bro the beast was given power to give breath to the of the first beast so that the could speak all who refused to worship the to be killed i see this in my life time the ft basketball player already exists i hope people understand they all ready have these when they say they just started remember there technology is to advanced when u hear it they all ready have it they have things that would blow r minds they r getting u ready it talk scary times not saved great coming singularity namely the merging of could very likely be the great delusion which god warns of this god shall send them strong delusion that they should believe a that they all might be damned who believed not the truth had pleasure in unrighteousness they had when the kid asked the trying to reprogram bacteria to your bidding they say a little knowledge is dangerous it s not like something could go wrong there be unintended consequences we will all be witness to god intervening when this happens you make great i really appreciate your videos any all these of human beings the surety activity we just commodities meat t that neat this is out video now you better believe they way beyond that it makes sick playing god thank you merry god bless u your is so is the last movie what was the movie you featured toward the end your work is awesome wow amazing thank you the island movie describes what the child at the beginning is talking about children s children s children s phoenix children s hospitals have all been d printing children s heart s since at least when japan s nuclear s meltdown started children across born with heart doctors under orders not to s told it s a genetic problem all i hear is health problems this heath problems that you want to be healthy eating cheeseburgers go a jog dear knight how else you guarantee rights other than government at whatever level state federal you re looking a magic in the sky to guarantee anything you re going to be terribly disappointed that shit t real i agree with most i m not so sketchy about he is yes we make a mistake it could go wrong we need to be careful i am willing to my the earth the sake of creating something better much like a newborn baby would learn from what we give it i also think that we could create that with it s creators like a child to a we things right responsibly treat we would our own flesh blood i think that was smarter than would be grateful it s creation like a human assist in reaching a level of with it s own why destroy humanity when has the power to educate instead make better i mean my dog t smart i am i could make it talk have a with i would all we need is to create that feels the same way i were it d be hard not to laugh during the where the guy peddles his alchemy we could get all the liberal environmentalists to disappear into a the rest of could get with our lives go his when he said chip i get chipped my body can be immune to any be nice to be that in a reality at least he won t be disappointed when he is zeroed out annihilated because he won t know he was wrong he gets to live not worrying is not the it s synthetic humans this person out com resistance is you will be assimilated that guy is so scared of the federal government cuckoo cocoa puffs conspiracy people so strange there was debate it was more like a that title makes it look like they re against each other why not have a instead of a chip pretty clearly said christian fundamentalists then reacted though had simply said better title would be old stating facts from years ago chill would so i were unfortunately i m i had the required skills i d become a politician myself here in the to promote views i agree there is a very dangerous potential governments to try to control the mortality of people likewise lifespan expanding should never be forced upon those who have to it that is why the right to is equally the right to take experimental treatment one so chooses i e where it is either a take a new heart made from your own in a lab b die b would be the same some might have a religious that they were made they were t temper with god s while that same person also has the desire to go to heaven believing they would be denied access to it they die to their own of aka so i gather that these publicly having a huge internal apart from the interpersonal ones the belief theory that the human can evolve beyond its current physical especially by means of technology the disc abbreviated h h is intellectual movement that aims to transform the human by developing making widely available sophisticated to greatly enhance human intellectual physical psychological capacities the wiki disc sounds really good thou i think so thank you info to look at your videos my computer up you mean now right t start telling people it s in the otherwise i think you re a little outdated my friend i some of your research theories otherwise it s here already they just want to integrate it so it s near unnoticeable to the majority cheers ever seen the island that s the of technology that ll eventually come to light that will be the death of the human satanists all other human i send you this they want to make this world their own wake up u what u is magnificent thank u a half human half woman the half theory is bogus they want brain dead transsexuals running the that we have invented how to go back to heaven the gospel the everlasting gospel be m m wary of this guy all he does is give a commentary things develop there s been revolution after all these years we re that much closer to all the reality it gets sneaked in just out a song called afraid of the that covers this topic would really appreciate it you checked it out my channel subscribe you enjoy only real meditation which is the movement of the mind beyond the limited human consciousness not all that method guru nonsense can free the individual from technology which in is what consciousness is even in its subtlest forms is thereby prey to these dark that what they re doing is taking the principles that they used to control through whatever existed in prehistory to another level of consciousness in which they re trying to transcend s limited awareness ability to resist through insight so that we re to our own negation hope is always the carrot used to deceive the idea that something wonderful comes out of the of thought imposed by external perpetuated in fear in each individual give up this idea of hope rooted in consciousness then the magnetic of the deceiver who offers nothing desolation behind the facade of evolution progress heaven will lose its power smart must activate reality new world order is very dangerous the only people who say is better people who know absolutely nothing about in is already being tested the war in was the testing is a way to take the body into evolved vehicle who s vehicle that s the could be these things that you say what you focus your become you keep stating that what you focus you become you focus possessing all the time decades of telling people to focus something they open to become it a vehicle to it so it takes over dominantly i watched s recent saying what you focus you become over over just in time to transform the vehicle that these things take of through overly focusing upon talks about cells he forgets to that bush was introduced new method of cells was discovered ethical considerations its typical drivel what this guy does he has mouth of about ethics what he really means is that ethics is in way of what he wants to so fuck it been observing this movement since years they the next regressive left sorry bring the genetically modified mosquitoes make them disease free cut the buzzing thirst human blood while you re at it thank you so much having your this has been by my favourite episode absolutely loved it i have been fascinated with longevity a very time i definitely believe that they that politicians cannot any want to know what i d i could my body i d link my brain to a of my own brain maybe build a connect them so that i could have two of that way i d achieve twice much in a day hey why at did say why at penises government had ideas with to track yeah that can be twisted hey less will mean that libertarians well i am not against licenses can arguing about the necessity of of having a driving license problem solved pi love this beautiful basted i think is cool i want a penis yeah right that must come with a vagina would like to grow a penis my forehead interesting to discuss exactly how you can create something more than the creator you think about it you have to the thus its we at best we can not even that currently sadly the economy liberty is his downfall a few medical he is also i can handle that i see these people in power in my lifetime probably not they have to brush up their weaker areas to understand them the name is not a good look the brand to sell the idea mainstream still a interesting ideas love your ghost in the shell is coming also the whole age life thing makes think of the latest series g iron blooded orphans the wealthy can extend their lives to years while the poor still have around alongside numerous the universal access to technology is going to be very to legislate because people can make aids drug like x more expensive overnight without good reason they can certainly the same they whatever lets people live virtually forever of you also want to avoid the problem with baby where the big brands at least in the i work in cost around a can that weighs a pound less that one buys without there of risks d nuclear technology is safe hell too this guy is a quack what is not coming clean about is that the devices he is talking about is to mind control mankind that is already many people being tortured all the is nothing a way to live forever the globalist morons like this knuckleheads who all about greed control we call them psychopaths look up the gov t has already planned executed these devices many people by them the artificial is the beast system church life technology is a game exploiting technology is the game politics is interested in you will not even get this the to discuss in election at least not these of this guy having a chip is tech of a guy is a quack back up the crazy people worried about not this soon i heard the name my thoughts went right to her father holy crap talk about your pentagon satanist awesome video have you watched his videos black goo will blow your mind brotherly love god bless you absolutely love odd channel m already a sub of his channel good video i subbed obviously u the same wave length keep up the great is a great guy i love his work i can t wait you guys to be who else from odd s i am theory of the of the beast makes perfect since i heard of different beliefs the meaning of scripture yours is just i m gratefully appreciate of your channel sir all glory to our heavenly father in name royals will i am i not think he is the the research scary movie i am letters all of just more satanic bullshit why we glorifying their bullshit they evil beyond comprehension yeah a much to chew not going to i pray i die before that totally manifest i still have freewill to choose i choose death not how i wish to my should a two speaking about the new age movement connection to i am witch out bag time great videos keep them awake video very good god is a giant why would god be small you all worship the devil the of all you deceived the tattooed ones will not comprehend great video god is so great genetic evil shame you you had it all you stupid bastard your time earth is may the most high destroy you all your followers here earth which many great video thanks the shout out i need more clean underwear my just ran out i m waking up my righteous destroying the evil ones i been saying years that people looking in the wrong the it s a system that will infiltrate the church not a rebuilt in said we the holy the of god he s coming back to judge his church destroy the wicked the church is so deceived apostate he said come out of her my people the c churches going to fall his witnesses elect going to rise to speak his truth with power rd the rev sign will align the tail will sling the to earth get ready people we re in a lord be with make you re sealed in you not marked by the beast system really good time the the new hate speech speak the truth people will hate you so i guess we will be hated well so was god bless devils that i m trying to escape from i want to grow my vegetables trees the opening trump is extremely annoying even hurts my ears i have to turn your videos down then back up to watch is with the is that hypnotic control something that s seems like he s wearing the yikes we re fucked well worth the time to view a link to that pastor the lady with her the would be of great help further study i did like the pastor is one that speaks of current truths of today s events great thank you i fully believe that is the of the beast putting tech into your body of flesh is replacing god that dwells within i that it is seeking eternal life through the of technology also i that by doing this the switch is flipped those whom accept this mixing of iron with clay will have control over themselves i kind of think that those who accept this will have some of understanding of this to a degree they will be fooled into allowing the tech to control some functions in the end all functions will be under the control of artificial the soul will be able to dwell within the body so e scared that this will be forced upon them this be farther from the truth you will have to accept it your own judging by the hype demand tech i many upon many will be more than happy to line up it like they already when a new comes out those of that will not accept it myself included will be few i with god i know i will be taken care of god bless you all thank you the keep spreading the good word you truly doing the work of god thanks twisting the truth just transgenders just it s crazy they can t procreate people whom can have children just promote this duality wrong sinful ways sad the says people will follow false strange the head bald take the antenna apart good god all of media is brain dead bent pushing geographic is so with their all free thinking humans need to resist this psychological assault next to we need to give the most power families the credit all of this can you say please help this channel to the new world order by fighting against censorship becoming a com is one glorious bowl cut lord bless u brother i like videos idea of itself is inherently good to humankind it improves human mind body the one they pushing forward now will likely lead to disaster because human body mind extremely complex that the current near technology t possibly recreate them they recreate them them it will make them insane off their intricate physiological system will be with another reason it will be a disaster is that the mind body created by humans will be subject to by engineers under elites who want to steer the world in the way they desire people will easily be manipulated overseen by remote controls makes something much worse than nightmare this channel is great to the elites guys u wanna read some about exposing the elites i recommend u should visit is crazy wow i can t believe this shit is like really people that stupid my roommate sister told how in her college they spoke of the implanted inside of i know i cursed this is really crazy god is real people need to wake up to the true amazon is going to project the first cashless market we have already a cashless so we moving toward it they promote cashless is completely different from trans humanism i d accept trans humanism before i ever accept such atrocity done brother god bless you too in the last days we ll see of transgenders remember it will be like in the days of now we see a of transgenders soon we ll see of too you t have eyes to see the pro black power anti white being pushed that first new human cover at the back is ape then a caveman then a white then a black woman the black woman is the of the high tech human while the white just back to ape you re worried about trans humanism when you d better wake up to the white genocide taking the rise being pushed by the anti whites perhaps your worship has made you blind fuck that you bastards can t glad i have cable i watch either it s so disturbing how revolutionary people actually think it is to your to give up eternal life with our lord god read a people this is getting worse by the i am so fearful my children s souls love your i agree down society so sad you did give a good laugh re his bowl great video you i say this all the time we have lost the ability to know how to live outside the controlled system we have skills to at all outside the system even we had the skills the laws in to prevent it we cannot farm hunt build ourselves all slavery making money while we earn enough to just go to grocery buy modified food go back watch brain controlling television play mind controlling games spend time worshipping wonder everybody is drugs we all miserable this is not what god wants his children what you to with this info not trying to be just curious what we supposed to about it escape trap themselves yep hey rich i hope you read this i stumbled upon your wow have noticed the nice cool weather it s weird right it s almost the s anniversary i wonder they going to have a creepy party was so against happened to him it s all scary exciting thank you keeping informed my has failed many times i would never a electronic anything could you your talking to your friends then all of a sudden sparks start to come out of your ears where does the plug into there s a called black mirror it has all kinds of that go into the eyes have stuff like that built in they memories the government can even control what you see other senses it gives a very good depiction of what i believe is to come i ever brought children into this dump i warn my family share ya stuff they listen hell they think i m crazy they say i m developing dementia i give up sheep all of them i tried there t hiding from the father of creation won t escape in only the the elites same thing will be eating healthy enjoying life to the fullest while you all chase ghosts aliens satanists the real problem from the not some all when people when the fall of the angel was before the creation of earth was the in the garden of then only then can they understand the true of earth in god s creation it s all about forgiveness nobody why t you give a link to the chip of beast one escapes they just afraid to burn so they will try anything to stay they won t they will all be killed off they can t won t get away they pawn too which that out lived there i get that people t see things like this their own when people like you these things out the together piece by piece they still t see it what is going t o happen to them i am so afraid them all when i try to tell them things things they can see with their own eyes in look up people i guess what i m saying is thank all you peace you t a country whatever because it has been sunny in they will try to flee it was in the days of so it shall be in the end there gonna give a snake like quality you heard the psycho bitch is the end of the world your awaken you know what i m talking world all goes according to has a way in a while to remind to think carefully before making giant steps too quickly before having a truly complete understanding of effect side effect things not necessarily move in a forward way sometimes they to bend out of shape we not advanced enough yet we t even master what was called string theory we not so why how the big happened many other things our consciousness of ourselves our universe is not complete yet we not ready yet that kind of jump we not enough that they sound like children when they want it now matter what all advancement would be taken used primarily military purpose than economical considerations will come into play access to the technology only the very rich not the better suited more adapt the richer will get it create a new class have have not we all know the rest we not ready in so many ways that artist talking in the video is there to confirm what we still of nerves so is connected between head body how did they get to connect all considering they hardly a body without soul is not alive even the cells live i saw the documentary about monkey transplant few after the operation the two monkeys were dead vita is one cares about a body get to being able to live a prolonged period of time i t want all this progress i made thus to be in when i die i want to keep learning without worrying about time why can t i avoid time time time time fuck time playing god how will mankind reproduce the humans die off every remaining human is a synthetic the mind is strange having grandma seizures in one year with each one i left the body than back where i went recall the mind the knowledge is not thought smell touch the body function keeping the mind flowing with blood the thoughts of awareness is gone is that person alive i was gone a good each grandma seizures has become aware differently wakening up the medication open a vortex in the mind allow other enmity to react so was my brain that cat did not look happy poor kitty they should their research humans those brain dishes were creepy just a neural network alone doing that they re gonna find out real quick about the ghost in the it reveals who it is think about all of the movies that you have seen about the elite in control of the human ask yourself has there it ever been the good of kind it has only been good the elite they get to control call the shots while enslaving you people it is a a movie it here it now it is very real wake up before it is too late this is a great elitist reserved only those with a strong hold resources video was cool other than the fact a scientist speaks in french like two with subtitles orgasm at people have to be careful to many people completely got rid of all there organic body where is the new life going to come from there is sperm eggs new life new artists scientists explorers soldiers you could erase the person who would one day i will many body the technology comes to pass i live that would help in adapting to other planets space travel in my months ago thus this video is from may fear motivated technological advancement we t it they will will be our ultimate downfall fear leads to deception like suppressing negative research results to protect their is the bottom line not human health any technological advancement will be corrupted t this one of the reason was destroyed john saith unto him i am the way the truth the life unto the father by john sanctify them through thy truth thy word is truth psalm the word of the lord is right all his works done in truth by the word of the lord were the heavens made all the host of them by the breath of his mouth he said unto them go ye into all the world preach the gospel to every creature though i preach the gospel i have nothing to glory of necessity is upon yea woe is unto i preach not the gospel the king is truth read the king today playing god interesting thank you so summary of the video is is not blasphemous anyone who says that t properly researched our most popular which quite clearly say in the words of the prophets even god in the that is a path to god you re religious you t agree with this you re being blasphemous fear mongering the world t waiting you that s vanity there is nothing new under the sun com search a a i am i we the i believe that humans meaning of colour these the hybrids created against god s law this is already soldiers real real we all have of various kinds we have battle we in war the problem with the that they never address is how foods chemicals in our food creating a new being in your brain that sink in a new being in your brain where does that leave the this is the reason the was destroyed of this when you altar your human god created you will damn yourself to hell by letting them altar your who is this guy does he ever give his name it s very well presented i think like a child with a loaded gun i hope we wise up soon wow only comments my thoughts what it s worth there is fountain of youth they know that just died we can t depopulate fast enough food without t going to save anyone sounds like opening s we have some truly mentally deranged people with too much supporting the pharmaceutical industry buy natural health products when it s your time to die t get a bunch of surgeries done maybe the folks funding this stuff t want to meet their maker could be their they sold their souls out a time ago personally i thinks with kitty cat eyes kitty cat tails ears whiskers would be hate animals hate the thought that we could improve our selves by incorporate elements of them we could improve our senses eliminate most dentistry with a little shark the ability to regrow limbs much improvement to the human species could be done of is totally against improvement hold contempt the planet tom horn a journalist what a joke he is apparently of fact checking he is well of christian fascism tom horn soldier quickly lord cybernetic organic where i sign up u not human is a of people am somewhat tempted to be really pissed at people who talk so fervently against technological development like genetic implanted computers mind emulation being armed with little more than tabloid knowledge then i think about this someday perhaps centuries in the this planet is gonna be all yours guys you ll be free to preach idiocy build theocratic dictatorships suppress generally speaking party like it s the summer of until the sun goes out the vast majority of humanity will be totally with it because they will be among the in realm of so beyond your own you won t even be able to it they will be beyond the reach of harmful bigotry good they will live in age of wonders know the universe to extent that transcends your understanding they will have found family among the other forms of life they will be free you will be with that too because by that time you will have convinced yourselves that they were taken by demons demons have never existed at all the occasional asteroid they deflect gamma ray burst they so you can keep playing middle ages will go down in your annals yet another proof of you will be happy will be what is deserves to be a late night program discovery channel with interest in anthropology i thought of this idea a few months ago its easier said than done people say they above technology willingly get it you know what i mean it comes it is not what you think yet could may a person said they were above it continued to apply technology to try live forever they would become technology itself you guys think revelations t yet knowing how stupid the world is has always been i welcome with open walking peg would you the of having the internet in your head a telescope lens i t get it technology is inert so why you believe artificially yourself means doomed to hell you lose your soul by what logic you god damns this is it because prolonging your natural life well then what about pace makers curing prolonging your natural life so you going to hell having a pace maker curing your these people think they speak god when in truth they speak their own pitiful so pathetic there will be a day we allow this to where you will see real in life to spread the i m not a from the you humans really want artificial some even to be to death this is a sin against god human this is foretold in the will only allow to go so they will never be able to resurrected a human being prolong life maybe enhance human ability maybe god holds the of resurrecting fact to answer your blurb there is nothing more sinister at play is simply the acceptance that technological advancements will create new better tools with which humanity will develop grow is fucking awesome can t wait to become something better than what i currently am you the most high gonna destroyed u is another facts never come to the in the eyes of the ones who think we much cattle all tech was found not discovered tech from advanced beings by they way they have always have lived here others before so yes is a real is hidden then only out years later to make money it won t have a soul something none of them understand they cannot create life only empty shells even they can upload the brain to a chip the soul the copy is gone there is entity in the copy only a mimic which will not even behave the same way because it s not a powers mankind is being endowed with we will never see this shit it will be all the elites awesome coverage always being android would be awesome i prefer being black in the shell is just a cyberpunk fantasy fictional movies about the thank god one knew the that has the lesbian scene making yourself a cyborg is a fantasy maybe in the giving hands to a person who is deformed might be a good idea making yourself a is just a dream out the trailer the newest game called death stranding i believe is the of the beast logically that would be the one thing that would permanently one apart from god he made human to join what he created to be in the of himself with a would ultimately tamper with his natural creation not only that in some way would be surrendering your will because you would then be under the control of something else how can you have free will be something has to control the side you would be human i think that s why the push human powers being pushed x avengers what kid t want to be able to fly see through walls to never get sick live forever even with the apps now where you can blend your with a deer dog everybody s doing it they make it look so cool that hideous puppy monkey baby in the sprite dog monkey torso a baby lower body walking around hideous a of people missed that little run to see how people would react to that thing anything that will your you from being able to think yourself to has to be the of the beast it s the only unforgivable sin because you will be in gods likely not able to ask forgiveness because the beast that is now of you controls you that is literally selling your soul to the devil i was reading nelson s the life of puppets before i watched this so i got its it is a blatant fantasy of technological immortality that should be obvious to anyone especially given the graveyard scene which really hits you over the head with the intent i would gladly give my vessel up to become a scarlet cyborg like the keep up the great work much gracious of you to publish this admonishing you have my appreciation the new series is another propaganda it s filled with occult symbolism esoteric meaning what i got from the was appreciate your body mind soul the laughing made that very clear i want to be hacked also you watched the everything now happened in the the series goes way beyond in of people suck with without tech wheres the love why they using that from the movie again it t just the movie promotes along with it you have open lesbianism is awesome were there been there wake up every be regardless of what the mind thinks yes thus is going to be real eugenics why we need low people around why does my tax need to a like fraud he is a in some why we allow these people to reproduce when all they bring is misery to the next generation always great videos odd thank black helicopter video waste of ten call of duty black ops is all about of esoteric symbolism predictive programming the of the campaign is about a guy loosing his mind loosing control to the computer in his head split personalities jumbled memories ultra stuff the makers of have a symbol that looks a like a symbol used to represent many video game makers have symbols in their logos you know what to look evolution of humans is bullshit we have always been human from the beginning we know some people have a neanderthal gene they re the only evolving apes here fluoride have u watched neon genesis this is literally the human instrumentality project it s quite confusing psychological in i recommend watching the then watching the movie end of the what i believe in exactly i i believe we all one everything is connected in a deep way that none of really understand basically it seems like artificial way in which to bring humanity into a single you watched humans season starts soon interesting here is the thing we already immortal we immortal until we prove otherwise we have body mind spirit spirit is eternal spirit is forever spirit is immortal spirit is the of thoughts emotions all that we spirit is our true spirit is the one that created mind body is using both to perceive this reality we have forgotten how to our body our mind with the eternal of spirit that s why we eventually leave our body there is many immortal masters that have achieved eternal life in their bodies without technology they can leave the body whenever they choose can stay however they choose its body mastery we have to understand the key difference between our ethereal body mind spirit between technology there is something called a phi a mean which indicated represents god to it never having a beginning never ending hence being eternal the is also a there is a binary can be found in water humans all things that would be considered natural binary can be found in all things electronics there is a slight difference between both you can tell by the difference in what way the numbers grow we merge with electronics technology become we trying to merge both binary guys how earth is that supposed to go well i have a very odd feeling about this you interested in knowing more visit life research physical immortality by haven t visited your channel in a while you just good always thank you your work i love your videos i have a piece you call email com you won t be sorry i it s the piece that will clear up all things i can t up videos of my own i figured out a way to get this info out without being detected i m not a salesman i t want anything just to you the piece of the of your interested otherwise i took my shot my is ll kill myself before i them the chip in my brain none of this has any appeal to i want to live get old die overpopulation is already a problem why we trying to end hive mind the singularity the brain a form of virtual telepathy the human body is already a potentially immortal you follow the laws of god what is trying to is new casing in humans to make them immortal it is a counterfeit immortality that will lead to seek death from what they did to themselves will be therefore not able to rapture is to occur be dd trans humanism is common sense now what a of shit that tool would i want to live forever when i could just die go to heaven to be much happier not cool creepy so your black that you cant get away from is appendage of the artificial you worship it all day every hour some even sleep with it you tacitly to this by worshipping your those who still have a cellphone the problem one had used a cellphone the cell towers would come down the would be defeated another overdue stellar a minor criticism s has absolutely nothing to with the contrary funny enough may be the who relentlessly attacked mocked the hypocritical elites even more ruthlessly eloquent with tremendous philosophical depth than does s can be easily seen in thus spoke is more akin to the eastern idea of a of enlightenment than a ridiculous cheers friends keep going at a takes the lives of did i is years old need i say more crow you to be now your cyborg dating be clearly a of inbred specimens gets better better totally captivated thanks crow i found another weird alien spider reference it s in turner s book into the fringe link below which also links s book majestic it concerns having of the earth that s destroyed with a changed ecology apparently ruled over by some kind of giant spider creatures make of this what you will whenever i hear spider in the occult i think of that weird stuff you talked about here whale to b turner into the fringe book see the spider reference although the whole book is worth reading cheers while reading this book i was shocked to find a scene almost identical to the two scenes recalled seeing chapter twenty of majestic describes experience in a desert setting matching s right down to the brown sky moving through this scene the fictional character then tells of finding himself in a nighttime setting i read those words a sense of sickening uneasiness overcame there seemed to be a forest of thin trees all around the character says it took time to understand that i was looking at tall black many of them it took every ounce of my composure not to scream i was under what appeared to be a gigantic insect of some kind perhaps a spider the rattling started again i could see sharp mouth working twisting turning to avoid the i made a dash to get away from the thing setting the book down i could read farther my had been shown a world with a sky then he found himself looking up at those tall dark covered columns that had reference to the reality he d always known was it mere coincidence that had included such scenes in his novel had he invented the material i wondered had it come from someone s actual what in the name of god did it mean my k t into the d s who was the first discovered said the universe is not only stranger than we its stranger than we can how true he had the we had today his would have been doubly confirmed this is a strange new age people actually believe they can know things guess it is the age true our friend enemy i would say anyone who predicted big the time after will be so damn just wait see i know the link is from wiki this guy is to the video org wiki ray encouraging futurism is the legal name search legal name the earth is now shifting the s will be left behind some of will too those left behind will most likely find it very very hard to cope with the earth is getting quite pissed how is controlling what is another of slavery collectivism is their always have been left right communist fascist you know what scares i m starting to see some of the same things that did in today with the refugees these corrupt politicians putting laws in that scare the crap out of the globalist starting to go down the same road they did back then i pray people it now before it s to late another great i love your work you guys amazing the way you down the occult practices decipher the knowledge you have opened my mind keep up the great work i look forward to getting a every time you have a ancient they used robotics special effects to fool people into thinking they had had encounter with god today we call this craft we it to fake whole universes alternate realities like does with their fake space videos most of this talk from this not to be confused with actual the statutes laws that to enslave destroy the environment the bloodshed is real the priesthood of the world elite trickery to convince you that their gods unstoppable all powerful the can also be added to the list of keep entertained so we t focus what they up to too much too little of the other two aside from some testing this tech won t be want to make it passed build your skill stay in shape have something to trade the currency will come after a collapse hacking maybe real maybe not then buy sell you ll need a probably just like the food cards now they load the them already here august st solar eclipse has days until the sunset to sunset sign of revelation with the travailing world in birth of false flags catastrophic floods quakes i believe the elites will the solar event to push their false alien event possibly in a market crash with systems down to reset the economy i think during those two globally in different time will possibly be rapture we t know the day nor hour we know that spread between two out the christian t keep pointing out the in the room that many t want to look at is there steady brother fantastic work god bless you your family god will destroy evil at the same origin it was created the wicked will be destroyed together i find the black that you mentioned in the video about to be very interesting especially when you look at trek the that assimilated interconnected all involved resistance is strange that out of all the spaceships that they could have that instead they went with a i will probably get some new eyes then go find the curvature of earth it has been my mind to a video after seeing this video i really t know what anyone else could to even touch it said i am the way to truth the life one comes to the father through please look at the definition of it will you something it to hidden communism please people starving the poisoned happen surely war does because the elites want it that way this technology is from the wrong god these sheep walking right into the s maw these christian must s church because it sounds like they definitely into the whole get your best life now theology obviously they haven t bothered opening their who knows s book may be their they want everyone involved even those who claim to be of those who really called by his name will decline hold fast to what they have in these attempting to modify god s word blend iron flesh with god they re creating their own new it is blasphemy great video thank you brother in very good video thank you may god bless peace christian is oxymoron because the of died humans not hybrids people who allow themselves to be transformed into hybrids will become like the hybrids in the days of creatures who have resurrection just a fearful wait to be thrown into the lake of fire please using the book of there s a reason why it s not in the i m sorry you can t find more material i m it won t be used to control people bring the neural i t to just be a pet i want to be a colleague create a problem offer a that puts you under control is right though either we become cyborgs with we loose our status the apex predator this world i think is a wonder how sex will be in the you humans becomes cyborgs in the remember to install anti programs it will be be terminators postulated that the last was is our undoing that we needed to overcome ourselves become somehow he did not speculate to how a this professed singularity of a meshing of strikes a answer to his recurring dilemma of s it also ties together with development ancestor of the holographic universe fame that we could very well be a of at this cheers we already a cyborg because of our online accounts activity is just like saying about your average person back in the computer days we paper pencil it is not thoroughly compared contrasted when we got security numbers they said we a number this is only the to what was the books governmental a famous musician might say i am nothing a bunch of photographs recordings this is to the eye the most none of these literal cybernetic alterations a literal integrative thing not simply a removed of someone such the internet presentation any of the above examples this simply that the dude is a complete yes add to your tiny feline brains some all right fool com t musk just concentrate the companies he has not one of them is doing well the bad is that they all taxpayer funded have been lost thus this guy loves starting new things nothing ever gets t create a i talks he has down hard it would be to modify the a i by some lunatic that would it the path of really look so rich knowledge right in your should not profanity dear i always loved to learn this in your university now this is a shocking can t wait to become a futuristic cyborg i m already my birthday lo your lack of is pretty funny o m g just disgusting never will i nothing in my body requires wires some kind of motherboard the enemy is at your lodges this is not the end of the world this is just one step forward to solve the mystery of universe finding our creator understanding what the of is so cool i want to be a in the is so cool i m gonna be a a piece together a crab wrapped in jack off to it it to climb out of its beep beep does not compute can someone explain why scientists messing with this shit trying to create it will only end in death war very stupid needs to playing god you accepting of the beast then you a property of a particular is the most shocking scary nightmarish thing i have ever witnessed in my years it makes want to start writing every wall not accept the chip there is god the only we have is to extend life to all creation adventure the this is evolution you t like it get your gods to it proves we already will be the new one think of how excepting the little ones to tech will will build the fools author of this video should be taking very heavy drugs to come to these did you really just claim that the iron movies based musk i can t tell you re just stupid your intentionally misleading people regardless behind all this they have thousands of writers they to dismiss evidence against them conspiracy theory the masons the educated elites they work together to more wealth status everyday working people will never get the opportunities they get they make it to control the government in control people who they deem a threat to their way of life they t care about the uneducated workers there is conspiracy they control the there masons in every country now including china they their best to keep it because the working class would overthrow them they knew their voting systems were rigged they were essentially that t bad enough the is to make the working class obsolete using with the neural idea it looks though the real is to control the minds of the so they t get out of control when their becomes useless maybe provide them with a stream of entertainment so they never start causing problems well a system of the thoughts so the elites could them before they did anything drastic i m fan of em i m still waiting to find out how you have shown not even asking proof that musk is fulfilling the why would you you changing the world worthy of m from anyone when you re clearly not competent in other than the empty yapping moaning department thanks wasting my time it s kind of ironic that the most moronic channels seem to always include truth in their name s great must die live the they want to this with our money the money from you everybody else this tech would be it will never trickle down this is a good video you the fact that people t understand the loan witch they given very funny still i think that his neural link is a bad idea you build it have it you can be reprogram with it it fall in the wrong hand it is a link to your brain so you can it to fast learn it can write something in your mind it will be able to another memory this is trash find a new not even the agrees with about his laws of robotics a little maybe you too young to this t new the tech is just moving closer that way what utterly opinionated trash going by the down most people think so to thankfully who is the guy in the glasses with the day food bucket next to him he seems not there to he is this video was like the year old in him told his yr old to the world his crazy edit oops i think he s the person who runs this channel he s just not anything that different is apparently said the same thing about space flight the internet cell not religious i not gone get chip to my brain who want to be fucking cyborg just because everyone else is doing it t mean you necessarily should come up with something found your channel i love this video you awesomely smart rockets give you a hard u want to stay human y pa hombre the you actually have to a you used to be able to pay with cash this system alive a few years ago it feels like a system with these detection when going with a you can still buy a they make those very expensive purpose when you only buy with cash people will look at you suspicious like why t you have a card ask how i know many already completely brainwashed it s scary to watch sometimes by all over the country alarmed homeowners landowners getting unexpected demands to pay amounts of that they never heard about these bills appear out of the blue usually with a of power to sell what is is that the united states inc is in that means that the state of is in so is county so is john doe these all of the united states inc so they all being liquidated too the bankruptcy trustees going around trying to settle the debts of county by taxing selling off property belonging to franchisees like john doe who happen to have property in county the benefit of secondary creditors to the bankruptcy they able to this because they trying to claim that the whereabouts of the actual owners their identities unknown so that the property is abandoned what to go the recording get a certified copy of the present deed go create a corrected deed to of it you going to the name of the owner from john doe to doe john doe j some other that suits you next you going to the address it was sugarplum lane you going to it to in care of a post your address your mom s mailing address one way another you going to it next you going to the itself they were using block you going to the numbers a metes bounds you can afford it get a surveyor to a new survey attach that to the corrected deed the is you going to it of the you going to add a tag line of new you were born in say you going to write the following your corrected deed covered under private indemnity this tells the bankruptcy trustees to back all the way off until their butts hit seawater i up a private indemnity at the u s treasury covering every one of the fifty states you can indemnify your property against all any claims against john doe by piggy backing onto your state s indemnity making reference to the in your the will have to discharge their claim it aside because the actual priority creditors have come forward staked their claim spread the word the help your this is all about helping each other through this onslaught of fraud go door to door need be great insightful your new will be much sought after viewing hello very much appreciate your dedication agree with compliance we must find a way to we cannot simply breathing what your ideas of s wars hi l love the topics you choose i m a targeted individual from i have experienced voice to skull to skull with eyes shut with clarity that any t v i have also experienced remote neural its a subject l think everyone should know about i stopped going to work suddenly felt like a new born f baby its like said you cant expect from the same people who created the problem how is that lights also spy u i some that know whats going people awakening live in room lead wall your thank you talking about these things i had idea g was this dangerous it is most very hard to hear this this is the cost one must pay having those magic glasses to see truth may the great spirit be with you god bless my brother definition of insanity is doing the same thing over over expect different results what you say in the first m is what you have said during the last years of which i just i keep coming around to listen to the ravings of a lunatic your going in circles the people t they just want a of food their at the end of the day you many others like you have been professing the end of the world of society decades while telling all that is wrong with said society well its so rotten corrupted it crash fear into people about the best thing that will happen to humanity the of this death debt system listening talking about known liars they thrive the feeding them unless you people like being to must be some kind of frequency that not every person is allowed to be off been programmed much of our lives to accept that we live a spinning shaped earth without any evidence while we experience characteristics of a flat stationary earth speaking up about this is yet to you others it s a the idea that it is a movement community has it into a versus flat debate only to mirror the behaviours of our governments entertainment industry badly acknowledging that the earth is not a spinning is perhaps our biggest wake up call it one to look at other areas of life which instinctively felt false you re a good a soft voice in my it does matter we all matter mother please mirror your video at it keeps stopping make keeps is always level need to understand the principles by which these control operate so they can be countered a induced lobotomy to turn into a meat puppet yeah sign up not this is one hack we ll understand why the army is to fight of acts it was who built the house him however the most high does not live in houses made by human hands the prophet says heaven is my throne the earth is my footstool what kind of house will you build says the lord what will be my of masons occultists the ones that house again today brother thank bullshit god bless you always good manly you a you my good manly god bless cover n hold you n yours always please keep telling truth please god is with i have anyone ever got a grandmother grandfather that is being kept alive by the the body is alive the brain is dead at first it begin with memory lost then extreme memory lost then gone brain connect to won t give immortality with age the organic brain will be gone materials robotic body will wear tear through half life how about i wait god to give answers about this i get answer then there ya go it s not dangerous there is calm down i t your word only god word i ll wait him to tell that this is not i am in that of totally believe this trans humanism tech will directly link mankind to the anti he will be able to supernaturally interact with each mimicking the holy spirit i pray we out by then i want to be the s time to dig in fight back against the cabal that seeks our demise join we push back the veil of darkness the of the ruling regime subscribe to become a monthly member of the christian only a per month go here to by subscribing you get access to all of our that we produce you help keep this channel alive literally get our app here android apple apple thank you all tuning in make you subscribe select to be notified so you can get the latest we produce we constantly publishing videos all over the web to keep up with those subscribe free here com cu hive with the queen private is collected about from many even shops that sell technology computers i believe that goes to governments to control people they know our weaknesses strengths they can manipulate into obedience acceptance of thank you the truth the only people who of it the ones who want to tell you a fact what what happens after you die the same people who think their holy book speaks god their were divinely appointed by god their spokespeople can speak god the same people both ready to kill be killed over this belief they assert fact one sees it all around the world they u that in the movie where they mind control the military control them by the hand a the forehead not they can kiss my arse they could just spraying with chemicals feeding cancerous food well injecting with destroying polluting our water then maybe we wont even need mechanical bodies i mean even ancient humans in the lived around years yet we can barley make it now past they need to be taken down revel all the they hid from what you going to you can forgive all the while they bend you over it cock in your you know forgive forget is that what the tells you to it go turn the other cheek this is the reason why i t i t churches t any of any kind of cult book like the god t write the wrote the stay the f away from it t mean you can t believe in god you re making a mistake follow in the the is nothing have not seen this so it is new to is trump undergoing mind control why you uploading old videos from years ago saying they new in the title like your know about it is a try i stopped listening to a time ago first of all the guy s sane person would give him a platform about stuff that would mean exposing yourself by yourself of all he speaks about the same stuff over over again he s interested mainly in the grove that s he a is why god is coming adds a rd strand to to human this is the of the beast you take this than this will happen revelations in those days shall seek death shall not find it shall desire to die death shall flee from loose credibility when we post controlled genetically engineered monsters is a threat it is really hard even to them is owned cloned copyrighted genetic takeover everything n is garbage backed we haven t a of beings attempted any of assertive take over it s just been talk after talk we so scared of death because of how we have been programmed to love live not knowing that without laying your life down your freedom is the most fate this is ho individualism has indoctrinated people to think that since we all separate of each other that who ever lays his life down the good of the rest is at a loss when dead so one wants to be that guy so we isolate ourselves each chasing after his own pleasure beloved this is new age deception is the way the truth the life this channel is aimed mainly at teenagers listen to what is said they think you stupid please t be deceived please is coming soon he s coming to save you from this deception because he loves you wants you to spend eternity with him not in hell because you were taken advantage of deceived he truly does love you i know because he loves i am worthless except his holy spirit which lives within since i asked him forgiveness to come in to my heart look around you all that is the world seems to be going crazy evil is now called good good is called evil it s all in the which is why they t want you to read it come to please there is a literal sign in revelation the sign is actual alignment that will take it is not something that happens often all of the other about it the is real is true is lord the genesis prophecy of coming his church is in progress right now please learn the truth t be deceived t be left to the absolute evil about to be unleashed this world the aliens ascended masters whatever way they will present themselves to you lying to you they want your eventually your worship they fallen angels spoken of in genesis they evil will present themselves otherwise until it is too late you have believed their accepted the they will require there is just simply too much info to here you can learn a about the fallen angels their s channel you want to learn quickly without opening the it is quite a crash can blow your mind you entertain thoughts of aliens from space whatever you should at least learn the truth then you choose evil go it at least it will be a choice made from knowing facts rather than being tricked it is dimensional not extraterrestrial com has detailed concerning the genesis prophecy currently in progress god bless each everyone who reads this i pray the blood of our lord over you your families hope to meet you in heaven in the very near our lord love the whores the rest go i could not watch porn without the internet there is so so much of it all of just my life away i very much enjoy it when i find a conspiracy theorist video that t actually go crazy this was nice the all seeing eye references made feel a little conscious about watching the end result was good to great channel media now com had book account anything like it been online since the days of k mother fuckers all dead when what they have done becomes common knowledge s investors in these things will be wiped from the of the planet you suck up my censor the words then also whether you re a christian not it s just wrong hey ts you should out the work of patch i have learned over my life that i am a very person have never been suicidal i had a crazy thought the other day that maybe we should die wile we still can can still go back just a wild thought i had probably a thought produced from all the things i been watching reading about everything else i believe in my heart that when my time comes it will be truly the right saw the well they it in a great think that the they transfer a brain memories to you being you the reason why is because now they can manipulate what you think what you say at all times you re right they already have this process in effect thought i heard somewhere the that they already performed a head transplant can t be about that when i saw that i did not investigate because i think this is playing with fire we bound to get burned it is interesting that i did a research trans humanism a few month back because i did not know about it here we getting used to the idea thank you your thoughts i appreciate listening to you your voice is so soothing peace understand ultimately agree with all the made in both the video so the comments i can t help playing devil s advocate here a just to consider the reality it would be a person who lives everyday with a disability i can t help wonder elements of might benefit people like myself to live more lives with small implanted upgrades extend life by maybe a thousand years give better life while here so less will feel the need to upload their consciousness after death into a cybernetic being my i can t adequately explain in comments what i mean just a few thoughts it won t work there is a that lives without of his brain scientist can t explain it they think that the keep the brain alive that they can attach it to a that you ll live answered i am the way the truth the life one comes to the father except through john too many what this is however you need a working faith in god to know that you can not download spirit soul it is god protected a facsimile of your brain yes that is not you it is a blue print it already i t cute little i see terminators this is absolutely terrifying this is evil i known it thank you what you were the daughter would you want to be brought back to live a life with the same brain you had only now you can access the web with your mind process at the same a computer quantum computer you also have the body of android impervious to the common cold the level we humans know it there t v about this of thing seriously think about it you could be the next best thing to superman wolverine what when you die you understand the meaning of life somehow forced back into the realm of humanity only to lose that realisation forced into a body that was never your own with to will never die at least not the mind of it i remember correctly there is a new computer that was tasked to be built our brains already powerful these want you to trade your body a soul shell not under estimate your a human being not take that not become it is the most disgraceful thing you can to your god in these a reason not listen to these elitist satanic adds media from any you so much putting this other videos together i agree with your thoughts two disclosures coming first the false kingdom led by deception deceptive followed by the disclosure revelation means disclosure look it up which is the return of the king of kings forever we live in very exciting times it will get completely dark before the true light returns i love your videos they brilliant yes history is forgotten it repeats itself thanks posting it our movement needs challenging those of seeking these ends certainly t above the pitfalls of the echo chamber even so this movement is inevitable guided otherwise it is in the of the human system to seek meaning through the possibilities we offer simply too societies to turn from them we need to the accounting i said the movement itself is inevitable 