 *ROBERT*ExtremisHow did the richy Tony Stark ane there???I am just Whoaed And If I get a chance to meet youIm not a fan of superheroes but i wish i was that kid XDKid acted a million times calmer than how most teenagers would have reacted. Or even some grown upsLove Robert Downey Jrs fist pump when Alex calls him Iron Man. Also amazing how Robert Downey Jr knew right away to shake with his left hand.Marvel >>>>>>>> DCProof that Tony Stark has a heartRobert is such a nice guy!Simply awesome.  RDJ rocks.  This is what celebrity really means and should be used for all over the world.This is the coolest thing ever!This was really awesomeWHO'S Robert????Well done, Tony.
Thank you so very much Albert, you are such an inspiration!omg such a Legendso cutewell done Mr. Stark.wow i dont have a full arm either.❤  Thank You.2:10 Can you adjust the settings for gaming?After watching this, I need to cut my arm offBut can you crush a man's skull with it?But can you do the rocket punch with that????I always wondered how those things work.I cant wait for the day we get prosthetics like the ones from the sci-fi movies.I wanna do this
*takes out axe*I wonder if they can get it quieter, the noise is the most intimidating thing about it.Its so cool  respect  !Looks pretty badassNot triying to be a dick but how does he wash his hands???That is fucking bad ass. If I lose an arm I'm getting one of these.Venom Snake, 28 years laterimage fly punching some cuntnow i want to cut my arm off so that i can have this xDnow they just need to add muscles for everythingsir i want an hand like u how much it will be costwow5:30 is that Larry Page, CEO of Google Alphabet?A small group of Bankers wage War for the last 200 years and we can't seem to figure this out yet. But we rejoice when we see a combat vet with a bionic leg who most likely killed scores of innocent men women and children for the sake of a handful of Billionaires- or a girl who lost her leg when our own government destroyed it and blamed it on Radical Islamic Terrorists and we go hey we're making progress.Anyone else waiting for an emp grenade to go off next to him and he just falls to the floorAt 10m in, speaker says bionics make biotics 'feel heavy'. So for ease, should we all become cyborgs, or upload our minds to computers?!Don't you mean "a call to legs"? 1:53Feel like this'll end badly :p but let's do it :)He's a robot! Don't listen to him! Skynet is trying to take over!!! XD jkI can only pray for this opportunity in my life and yes I'm crying because this is the first time I have heard someone say that we are not broken the tech is what is broken thank you for renewing my hope and dreams of being normal againI thought Legolas had blond hair






get it? leg-lessI would love to have bionic legs to go from 5'4 to 6'4If i had bionic legs i would put on big feet and go to the bar, because you know what the girls say about men with big feet. lol :)Just stand still.My concern about exoskeletons is a simple one. Would our bodies not atrophy from the minimal use? When we took them off, would our bodies not look malformed and shrunken? I would not wear said bionics if they would cause me to lose my bodily form. How can one be intimate with their partner when covered in machines? Other than these questions, they look great. Food for thought.There will be a point when those with prosthetics will surpass the ability of natural limbs. That will be some strange envy.great guy who amazing thinghaha wow! that was really cool.i'm thinking of getting into biosyntheticsroughly 35 ktestthat is fasanating2:33 i thought she said she went and sucked dick3:36 looks like something straight out of mirrors edge4:35 more expensive than your whole life? xD wtfAll I'm saying is when these are as strong and precise as real arms I'm getting a machete and becoming the winter soldier.Hey everyone, what you are doing here is absolutely amazing! my father lost his arm 30 years in a work accident, during that time he has had prosthetics but they never seemed to work - he has a collection. Bionic, he has never tried. Where can I begin enquiring and applying for a bionic arm for my father? This would be life changing for him, thank you for making a difference 
Michael KanHi, I'm student from Indonesia, I don't follow how you give feedback to user about pressure on the prosthetic limb fingers?
It's kind of mechanically feedback or electrically feedback or not both?
Some one explain please, thank you.I am so glad for the those people, I can't even express it.I'm about to chop off my left arm just for this. Finally, real automail.Just make sure that you never use Windows, and you shouldn't have to worry about a virus.SAME BRO
I MEAN WOW WE ARE WAY MORE SMART THAN I THOUGHT A FREAKING HANDShe lost her arm to a fucking raccoon. That is so unfair.So those are the prosthetic hands used by anakin and Luke skywalkerStill would never willingly replace my limbs with machines. Transhumanists are fucking nutjobs. Save this for the people who actually need it: amputees.Well my grangran nephews will now about it. Til then peaceWhelp time to go find a raccoonYou're a legend in the eyes of those who live on the battlefield. That's why you have to handle this mission yourself. Put that 9 years behind you, rebuild that private army of yours one more time. Now go! Let the legend come back to life!can i have a bionic penis that viberates?i wonder if we can detect electricity  in the nerves, can we not seperate each nerve and connect it to a motherboard and move that waywoow ...... Star Wars !!"The hardest part of the transformation is the 3D printed bionic arm"

I'm sorry. The whole thing is the myoelectric prosthetic? There is no other part of the "transformation" to itDrones? What? He needs a cool looking arm not something he wouldn't use wtfGood luck bossHe`s all right nowHei! His name is a Natan Spencer. He's a Binic Comandos!I need it too....coz I  lost my left arm in an bike accident.Is he on drugs?It's says in the description these spoilers for MGSV so shut up about it. Btw what's James's last nameNanomachines, son. They harden in response to physical trauma.Punished JamesROCKET PUNCH!So cool! I lost my left eye a few years ago and I would love an augmented eye Deus Ex style!That isnt snake that is BOSSThe accident was not your fault James. I see people standing too close to trains just to impress people or to look cool.Wow this is nice but I believe he should have got liquid ocelots armWow well played James you nearly died which one would you pic die or be disabled robot ???["Punished" Venom James]now we just need the motors to be better so it feels more  naturalscratch my bum LMAO능력자분이 한글자막좀 붙여주시면 안되요?ㅠㅠ 

konami pls add a korean sub T.TCan I buy this Please?Does this bionic arm has the same bug as the real one: can't bend your middle finger without keeping two adjastent straight?Frist project made because wants beat dick Friend.. . Deus Ex total idiotic game.. DOOM+5 Element.. .Hell yeah i would take an auto-mail anydayI am actually considering, when i've got enough money and a stable lifestyle, to just get a robotic arm (on my left preferably to balance it with my strong right arm)... even though I still have both arms etc..I bet you by the year 2050 I will be fully a machine. It's so fuckin cool and you get superpowersI suffer from a disability since I was born, I have not normal upper left hand limb and I think this deus ex hand will work on me. So how can I get this hand? how much does it cost?IS There a way to incorporate this into a glove for a quadriplegic ? c6-7 quadIf you have. A bionic arm but only the for arm will you be able to workout with that arm and will the upper arm still stay muscularNow I wanna cut off my arm so I could by this.Razer Chroma bionic optics, rgb limbs?  Yes please!Six Million Dollar Man was my favorite program as a kid. i'm glad the real technology is starting to get there.The real question is, who are the retards asking a game developer if they sell the arm...We live in the future! No we live here and now with some sweet ass new technology!great job guys, can i have the code please I am working on a hand for a girl with arduino and muscle sensor from myoware i only need the codei want a hand from black ops 3if they make it move like a human arm and hand then there's no better cyborg armthe art of bionics is beautiful, even sexy, and the possibilities a really great, the only thing i would regulate is that all bionics must stay upfront and not covered up by a synthetic skin.to be honest if you could get robot arms/legs with superstrength and stuff like that,it would be worth not swimming again,if you couldntwhat would be cool is if u can have one of these when u lose your entire hand and can control them at free will through the mind but lets still hope we dont lose our hands anyways lol4 out of 4 not bad.9:00 looks like something from inspector gadget lol...@9:55 This part is so moving and emotional. I start crying the moment I thought how this woman felt that moment, the moment she can walk again naturally.AUTOMAIL finally become real, never expect it will become as great as this, I hope he will make bionic arm with same quality asap.  btw my eyes bit sweating after saw the last video(the dance one).Guessed 3/4 correct; subway train, Baby, Kids in a play ground, and vehicle driving through a bushHi, please upload a video on "How big is Palantir'', and "How big is Planet"
https://www.palantir.com/
https://www.planet.com/I got 3I love all of your videos and by far, this one captures my emotions the most.I watched the video of c4etech Ash and came to know about you......I am saying that you r the best youtuber I ever seen!!!Not only are Bionics amazing for handicap people, I think it's also the only way human will be able to substain space travel and new planets colonisation. Exo-skeleton and Full Bionic to substain weak human tissues.One of my favorite  videos, thank you.Thank you for this compilation. The Soli chip I find to be the most amazing; I never knew it existed.That train video is a Tasrail train in Tasmania AustraliaThe A.I did a better job than myself.dam! whts there missing to create  fully automatic robot.. we got everything! visual predictions, sound recognition, touch recognition, fully automatic bionnic movements and wht not!! synchronise all.. and its done.. plz comment ur viewsexcellenti dont know if im too edgy , watched the bionic limp ted talk quite some time ago .....i just love your presentation of topics. thnx for your contribution to our further education.i must say the last one it truly amazing and i got a little teary thinking what this can do for so many people. Im the trainer at my local el-hockey team so I know this can help many people"I never asked for this"

~ Adam Jensen*With all these upgrades you never stood a chance!*1:44 when you've found a new fetishAnd the new fashion comes out. From the tatoo craze to bionic legs ;) Poor black people.Cool Darth Vader legs.Cybernetic enhancements on the legs? Pioneer on biomechanical engineering? His name is fucking HUGH?!

PRITCHARD. HELP.He looks like Bond villain that someday will say 'Age of Biological muscle is over mr.Bond! Time for machine to walk in.'How did I get this in India? what is the cost??How long until rocket propulsion?I just wanna buy for my student.. it really kills me seeing him with one legMakes you want to tear off your limb :DPretty sure the scene is set up but it's amazing regardless.SOON ROBOTS WILL TAKE OVER  *WE NEED TO GO BACK STAAAHP*This is amazing. I'm speechless.This is the only time I am glad the military has the money to throw around that it does.

Sometimes it ends up in helping create these marvels.When you invest your hard earned Brouzoufs and suddenly your legs are ok.Why would you spoil the twist OP!heck, if i had prosthetic limbs, id want them to look as high tech and artificial as possible, cyber stylei,m disable person..... i want this artificial leg...... who can give me.... plzzzzz .....god bless you.... ineed it very much.....A great man alot of respect as making a change for better of humankind.He never asked for thisI DID ask for this! :DI'd ask them to make me terminator limbs. and increase the strength so I could crush everything.In 1987, Apple IiGS cost $2500 in 1987 dollars.  Last year, my iPhone 6 cost me $400.  See?It would be wounderful if you guys work on prosthetic palm.Now you need to make it run off your bodies own electrical system. No need for batteries.Of course he made himself tall afReal heroes of this world.Resistance is futileThere will be no disability if you are rich...Yes, but the cost of one of the limbs such as that shown in the video, is §70,000. How many people in the US, let alone the world, can afford that? Learn to take care of the ones given to you for free, by mother nature. Unfortunately, the prosthetics that are within your purchasing range, are still not as original, as biological limbs are.cant wait until we have mechanical body parts that give us superhuman strengthdo you have a hookup on prosthetic liners and suspension sleeves for a suction socket?his legs look better than mine, I'm not kidding lol if it didn't look so weird when you took the legs off I'd opt out for hishow come on his prosthetic leg his feet look likes some sandalsimagine having a bionic dickin order to what they're aiming that's the human evolution, i have to remind you all that those parts are made in countries where kids are forced to work in order to eat some... i think the next in human evolution are to grown in the sahara to feed hundred of several people in countries... People from US surely is not affected with it... but if you look beyond you'll see the misery of others countries"He's one of the guys with the special eyes." LOOK AT ME WITH YOUR SPECIAL EYES2 extra arms.Alligator WrestlersAnybody ever watch bicentennial man? ;-)Deus Ex reference in the show? Link said "Augment"Hasn't anybody watched Doctor Who? This never ends well!! :DI now have this strange urge to play Dues ExI thought he said beans of fear ;)I want to be able to turn invisible.I would happily have prosthetic limbs is I lost my limbs but I will keep themR.I.P headphone usersReal transhumanism would be more like the borg in terms of physical augmentation.What I worry about is that everything will be leased instead of bought. Companies are already doing thisWhat about sensation? touching, feeling?a transmission only after a hundred thousand miles?can i get a full set of iron man armor implanted into my skinif the technology ever exists, it won't be possible to keep controlled. there will just be black market niches for itrip headphone usersthis is how you get Cybermen*Wince*, I want one, but I'm not sure if I would want to permanently lose an entire arm. That also raises the question, which would I donate to science? I would probably dump the right, mostly because I'm a lefty.Hisenburg livesI never asked for thisI'd feel like shit if I ended up like the protagonist in black ops 3.I'll just walk around with nubsImagine when tech advances to get super powerful armsIsn't it funny how his name is Johnny as in johnny 5 lolOnly a decade and 120 million dollars! All bullshit aside that is really impressive I'm not even being sarcastic imagine where we will be in another 10 years or 30The beauty of scienceThis is incredible and eventually will make Arnold Schwarzenegger terminator films look pathetic. LolThis is pioneering work. I bet in the future it will work with a chip implant that then transmits and interfaces with the brain directly to really give proper feedback.You're a legend in the eyes of those who live on the battlefield. That's why you have to handle this mission yourself. Put those 9 years behind you, now go! let the legend come back to life!all needs to repent.he is the Link Trainer of simulators. past the Antoinette device but not yet to modern day 777 simsi m not wan armokk, now time to cut my arm and stick a new iron hand , and punch off everyone 
It can be use to break glass of car no?so cool and awesome. THIS IS THE FUTURE!!!! soon he's gonna have Anakin Skywalker's cybernetic armwe have the technology A real step forward for prosthetics, definitely!Amazing! I am from New Zealand and other then an archaic passive arm or a hook nothing else is available through ACC ( accident compensation).  14 months ago my left arm was amputated just bellow the elbow and I can't wait to get one of Open Bionics 3d printed bionic limbs. Do you know how long before they are officially on the market? Cant wait to make an order. Keep up the good work !Black Ops 3: Not really in 2065Bloody Excellent.Can you flip the bird?David Sarif's dream is finally becoming a reality, and I couldn't be happier. I don't have any sort of disability, but I'm glad that the world is progressing.Deus Ex baby! Human Revolution! woohooHoly Sh!t i need this arm they look cool, can someone chop my hand? :vI have that kind of disability, not normal upper left limb. Is there anyway that I can get this bionic hand? how much does it cost?I wanna buy this. is it possible?I want to know the name of this company or website and price .. I need some informationMight be a good idea to practice on a hotdog first. Joking aside, it really might be a good idea.

Its amazing to see how fast technology is moving forth.My congratulations to a Company of new technologies that for once doesn't tell bullshit when is saying, "we are changing things for real and for the better".hurry up, need to be the real life raidenid be willing to loose an arm for a bionic oneok, im gonna go cut off my arm nowopen bionics. great work, good people.some of them if they don't have a hand they use thatswap the pinkie for a thumbtenho um braço amputado e meu sonho é ter uma prótese desta !!!wow that hurts i cut my arm to get a bionic arm and now im famus becuse my arm cannot be destroyed or cutedCool reminds me of that scene in the beginning of Robocop.Dang yo, that's badass.I would date her. She is beautiful.It's incredible how women can get away with any situation by just becoming models. Prostethic leg? Model. Prosthetic arm? Model. Advanced spectrum autism? Model. Fire injuries? Model.

That's not a given to men who just have to deal with a shit life period...Lol she first says.. Oh its quite simple, people always think this is mind controlled or something pff nah its just two censors... Then she goes omg this is cutting edge among the best tech on earth lolMaybe we'll get to a point in the future where we chop of our arms purposely so we can get a bionic one. Then we'll get to a point where our whole body is bionic besides our brain.Sexy bot babe hell YEAH!She didn't ask for thisShe is hot.This is good technology. Technology creates unemployment and takes away job is destructiveWe are coming to a point where Deus Ex is a reality!We are getting closer to the starwars cybernetics ahahahaall i can say is Lovely Video made me crygorgeous.its 2017 and we have brain/neural system controlled its crazyshe  is  really  a role  model. very  prettyso prettythe correct term is most expensive, not most advancedthis gives me hope and helps to diminish my misanthropywho's the first guy to get a handjob from a robot**I never asked for this**6:31 definitely. If you can create a bionic arm that works 100% like a natural arm, but in addition got new functions, why would i want to keep my limited biological arm?
I mean if senses of touch, heat, pain (up to a certain amount), arm movement and fine control are as good as a human arm, so you don't feel any difference, but then also finally are able to move the wrist 360° for a fast screw driving movement or move your fingers 2 times faster, precise and more powerful, i don't see why we shouldn't replace those limited biological limps.Bitch "should" we make it better? YES, WHAT ARE YOU SAYING.Can you imagine the attention you'd get? If I saw someone with one of this I'd definitely go out of my way to say how cool it is.I just keep thinking of Fullmetal Alchemist...I like dogsI was also born without a right hand. This looks really cool but I don't think I'll pursue getting a prosthetic until I can actually control the thing like a real hand. I've had less advanced ones that you also control with the electrodes like this one and it just feels too limiting, there's basically just on and off, opening or closing, there's no fine control. It feels like having a block of wood strapped to your arm.Imagine just punching that bully kid in school in the face with that.. No words...OK - why they dont make a glove with electric muscles reading electric signals and repeating the movement of the hand? I mean where is MARK5 suit?Oh, I forgot to charge my arm, I guess I will have to do everything with one hand today...Still don't like the idea of having a manually adjusted thumbThe future??? This is the future right there xd :) Were already in the future :)Why can we create robotic arms that look like human arms but can't make a good bionic limb that fits for a human.You can have this bionic hand at the low low price of your other arm.damn she's hotenhancement is perfectly fine. Nobody has any right to tell anyone that they cannot upgrade their own body if they so choose.it's funny how she asked if she wants one that is brain controlled and showed the apl arm which is literally controlled the same way...that is awesomewatt if you got Parkinson. will the prosthetic hes it also?no joke, a know jack about parkinson 
is it a nerve/mussel/brain malfunction?which is better,touch bionic/be bionic ?"Check out my new book: how to become famous by attaching garbage to your arms"

-Wayan Sumardana 2016100% BullshitDifficult to belive since human arm got so many dimensions in its range of motion. Also our brain sends very convoluted data for our arms to move, so that "electrode-hat" should be _extremely_ high tech. Lastly, if his brain is damaged due to stroke, then what kind of signals he is sending?Firstly I'd like to know why, you, youtube - deleted my comment I made a week ago on this thread?? why did you do that???

so I'll say it again: I CAN'T BELIEVE NOBODY HAS MENTIONED THE ASTOUNDING OBVIOUS PROBLEM WITH THIS "STORY". IF HE COULD ONLY USE ONE ARM AND HAND AFTER THE ACCIDENT, HOW THE HELL DID HE MANAGE TO CONSTRUCT A BIONIC ARM OF SUCH COMPLEXITY USING JUST ONE HAND???" 

Don't point blank believe everything you see in the news people, they lie and bullshit all the time for stories and ratings.Its really sad to see BBC and RT falling for this cheap HOAX. Some of the junk as recognized:
1) Tubes from medical oxygen delivery (for no reason at all)
2) Left red module is some kind of video recording device (Camera + SD CARD SLOT), Green device is probably a toy with a power supply and a small micro-controller (Plus a crystal osc). Makes no sense in any bionic arm.
3) A mouse with some LED's, yes an Optical mouse, with the camera :)
4) Fake/Pneumatic looking devices and pipes which cause no sound at all :P
5) Motors without power supply or control wires, or even position sense/feedback mechanism.
6) Stepper motor apparently runs with just two wires, that's just hilarious. Again the feedback not used. And, we are not even talking BLDC here.

These were the glaring ones, now if I start about the sensing, analysis and its going to get messy. Let's start with the sensor, 0:58, its supposed to turn on the blue LED's when it receives a 'brain wave'.
Apparently, it has no signal conditioning, per-amplifiers and any of the required precise electronics to do any of that. Its technically impossible to modify that circuit to read brain waves, its just not going to work. Moreover, the signal processing needs much more processing than shown, I mean orders of magnitude higher than shown here; in simple terms, the arm is a much more complex thing than people seem to believe, and neuro-science is damn hard.

Even if we assume (of course the assumption is not true anyway), that the brain signals are read somehow, the motors and pneumatic system is just fake and it cannot work. Any, such system needs a closed-loop to work. No feedback and the device would go haywire, its simply how it works. Stepper motors have two pairs of coils at a minimum and need 4 wires to be driven, 2 wires as shown in the video won't and can't work.

What job two cameras, and the mouse on the back is doing is just baffling. Last but not the least, an air pneumatic system without a working pump (and, yes it causes sounds, lots of it).

The saddest thing is to see that anyone in BBC is not able to call it a hoax.
The BBC website states 'He claims the machine is controlled by brain signals, but experts have cast doubts upon it', I mean just doubts, what kind of experts are these, who cannot call out a hoax :(Its that true!! Come visit indonesians.Looks like something from Mad Max. But this is obviously just a toy, not a bionic exoskeleton.Looks more like a welding tool to me.Mekboy.Not a bionic arm, more of a exoskeletal enhancement.
Like everyone else, I have serious doubts about this being legit. While we've had this kind of technology for years now, I highly doubt in a second world country like Indonesia a mechanic could just put together something like this with only scrap. Still interesting. If it is legit it's nice to see a person doing DIY bio-hacking to the extreme compared to the people who just implant magnets or microchips under their skin.Not buying, sorry.That is not a bionic arm, nor is he paralyzed from a stroke. If he was, that meant the brain cells that control that specific area is dead. Thus no programming would be able to detect him trying to move his arm due to it being impossible. He also doesn't have gears on his shoulder or actuators on his hand. So he still has movement in those area. He flicked his wrist back into the glove thing so that furthers the point. How are people so gullible. It looks more like a exo skeleton for a weak arm.This is the kind of person I would welcome with open arms in my country.Well, here's the part by which human's brain controls muscles - -
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Premotor_cortex
So, the position of sensor he puts on his head is weird.

Secondly, non-intrusive BCI (Brain-Computer Interface) like electrodes needs watery gel to improve its conductivity, and for better signal, a proper shaving of hair are sometimes necessary; and I didn't see him doing so. Yeah, I know some research teams like NCTU-brc have made "dry-electrodes", but that cost a lot of $$ . Even so, the signal is always noisy and I don't think it could act so precisely as he showed in vid.

Furthermore, I don't think the motor and powering system in this vid could lift his arm if it is paralized...... human bodies are heavy than your imagination.What a spectacular piece of artwork!as posted by someone else (Tiago Cabral )
     but needs repeating

I can't be 100% sure this is fake but if i had to bet my money i'd 
definitely say it is...
Among many other things.... that thing read signals from his brain using
 electrodes in his scalp and the logic circuit boards are exposed to the
 elements? yeah right... someone sneezes behind him and the arm goes 
useless again... AND... so the guy builds a bionic arm and works as a 
welder?!?!??! i mean... let me put it this way... the guy creates a 
circuit board and it's architecture with all the integrated circuits and
 inevitably programmable array logic chips and microprocessors with all 
the required digital systems knowledge, electronics, programming for 
pals and microprocessors... on that alone the guys is a programmer (and 
not just any programmer for assembly) and a hardware engineer with 
advanced electricity knowledge... uh uh.... then... the guy needs to be a
 mechanical engineer as well with advanced knowledge about torque, 
energy transfers/loss which require a lot of physics knowledge and so 
many other things this guy needs to be a pro on... and... being that 
level of genius he leaves the circuit boards exposed... and works as a 
welder when his knowledge would require a mere mortal to spend 50 years 
locked in a library and studying 16h/day to learn it... and i am not 
exaggerating... advanced electricity knowledge, advanced programming, 
advanced physics, mechanical engineer, hardware engineer and 
architect....

And before you start attacking me... i do want to believe the guy really
 did that... but i just can't, if you ask me the guy just happens to be a
 post apocalyptic games fan...

righti am indonesian, and i can tell you that is really true. he had stroke and his left arm was "dead". so he buit that robotic arm with something like lie detector to control. i dont know how it can be work. but i saw when i meet him thats robot really work, and his arm really "dead".is this the real life furiousa arm from mad maxthis a real story..this man made robot hand by his own coz paralyzed,his from Bali..good job.this is fucking bullshitAmazing what technology can do! A huge BRAVO to its inventors and human intelligence.Arm the goal is to get the technology to the level of a normal human limb, but once they reach that the goal is to do better than our natural limbs. As long as I don't have to be " assimilated ", give a pair - no, 2 pairs of bionic prostheses - 1 for casual, another for special occasions. :)Good video, but it could you could have better transition between segments.Hey +zaclink97 I will gladly trade you! Cut off your left arm and leg, put them on ice and e-mail me when you have done so and I will send you my address. By the way my left arm is below the elbow and my left leg is below the knee. They were lost from an IED in Afghanistan last year. Make it snappy I would like to have normal limbs again. Ungrateful fuck!I wanted to see the rest of the last one!! :oI wish i were this lucky to be an android but im stuck being a normal personImagine if one person had all of theseIts so good thing...
i want to have it for my father ...how can i contact you?
but the problem is that my father can not walk.People are saying that bionic limbs are advancing slowly but this is some deus ex shit right here. DamnThank You for your Time & Energy. Havw you started to work with above the knee amputees yet? or Biom-New Knee for those with above the knee amputee? Also please don't stop or Ever give up on us too.Thank You!The kid in the last one I remember seeing in another video, he is an Iraq vet who lost his arms and legs in Iraq, what made me angry about that vid was the fact that people where mocking him and saying things like he deserves what he gets in the comment box. That kid has something that some people rarely have and that is hope and motivation and I respect him for that. I know that people can be real bastards some times but when I read the comment box to that video the only thing I could think of is for fuck sakes show some respect, he was in a shitty desert fighting a shitty war defending the same bastards who have the gall to disrespect him, my guess is if you were to to take these same criticizing bastards, these so called keyboard warriors out of their little habitat, put a rifle in their hands, put them in that same shitty desert so they can get shot at, I'm pretty sure they wouldn't be so tough, shit they might get Cheetos dust all over the trigger and magazine not to mention piss and shit in their pants.They never asked for thisare you fucking insanebe awesome, dieno no, shut the fuck up, don't say that sort of shit just because you watch one too many sci fi film, losing ANY part of your body is painful, it sucks and in no way is 'fun' or awesome, you don't get looks of awe but fucking sympathy for something you don't need, you are treated like a freak, but they don't say it out loud, they just pile on sympathy shit no matter how well you are able to function, all these things require constant upkeep, this isn't even mentioning the psychological effects..respect to all the scientists helping people walk hold run see again this is the best of science.Enhancing lives instead of destroying themthe last vid just blew my mind. this is technology, this is progress. when the disabled people of our society used to be a burden, now they are the pioneers of a better brighter future. makes me petty the people that still believe old stone age myths and take it as reality. this is our reality, and its way more beautiful then those old myths.this is awesomewszystkim polecam ten film"I never asked for this"........just kidding I did  =)"They're not too far away."

I've been hearing this said for a LONG time....2 seconds in and she already throwing shade at menA long time ago, I saw an ad on YouTube that had to do with the future and that prosthetic limbs would ruin the world, has anyone ever seen this?Aren't there legs that feel touch now? I heard something about itBlack ops3Couldn't they use stem cells to grow skin then overlay that on the prosthetic and reconnect nerve endingsDeus ExI have this cut on my hand and I think it may be infected so Im hoping they'll have to amputate my hand and in the future i'll be able to recieve a robotic arm.I swear if my damn right are is cut off Ima get a damn reaper mini gun on my handI'm sorry, but I'd rather be human.Its always "state of the art" and "cutting-edge"Julia is cute!May I please reiterate this......   Whoa holy shitballs, looks like some has a little little case of the herpes. Can anyone say Abreva, lol.... :One step closer to iron man :)She reminds me of Dexter's sister.Weeaboos everywhereWinter Soliderby "not so far away", she means 100-200 years.time to hit up a LIMB clinicAmazing, this was science-fiction not long ago.Bravo! This is amazing. Mexico should be so proud of you Max Ortiz, and Sweden for "borrowing" you :-)  /  Estamos muy orgullosos de tí Max, y de tu equipo también, muchas felicitaciones por el éxito y tal contribución al mundo.Cant believe this only has 11,000 views!
This is the goddamn future people!!   Star Wars shit in real life, oh what a time to be alive.Combining this technology with John Hopkins robotic arm will produce a truly near human capability for people that lost their upper limb.I can not help but think about people who lost there limbs in accidents think of transhumanists who want to get willing prosthesis when the technology gets better than organicI can't believe nobody clapped at this. Maybe I'm biased because I've toyed with designs of SENS-controlled prosthetics, but it blows my mind that the audience didn't even care when they guy said he 10-year amputee was able to feel another person touching his hand. I wonder, if the neural network is so integrated to allow electrical currents to travel easily, does that mean the prosthetics can feed off the body's bio energy instead of relying on external chargers?Like, if (perish the the thought) your right arm gets (God forbid) hosed, there's hope.  Thanks for sharing.  Way to go, babe!SO VERY COOL, I AM A DOUBLE AK BK In South Alabama,  of 28 yrs to car!!  THANK YOU FOR YOUR WORK AND FOR SHARING THISThis is immensely cool.Very good.. But, you did not focus on the actual prosthesis itself which is very important, as if the prosthesis has limited functionality, so to will the patient. Plus, stronger signal could be achieved, and less jitteriness could
Occur if the cable had less resistance.Wonderful innovation ladies and gentlemen! Would you care to tackle the challenge of helping me point my toes using neural networks and mind-over-matter techniques? We could get a leg up on the competition if we work together. DM me if I'd be a good fit. It's time to hit the ground running...and diving,dancing.& gymnastics too. 17 years too long without change or improvements despite an excellent gait. Bring on the biotech and optimism and find me a pair of high heels...please
Or an open wall for a handstand. ghost in the shell future https://www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/gillian-williamsonhuman revolution x)i would like to see the engineers and medical personnel involved in this research to be very very very honest about how much the bionic arms are reliant upon excellent mechanical design and how much the bionic arms are actually interacting with the 'nervous system' of the amputee.  i find it highly unlikely that the nervous system is involved.  a human nervous system is hardly capable of generating sufficient 'electrical impulse' to 'power or direct' the movements of a mechanical device.  however, we do know of Kevin Warwick's current fraud concerning 'brain waves' and 'interaction between man and machine' (Kevin is using wireless electricity to translate the movement of mechanical arms to human arms and vice versa  - fun to watch but in the end, nothing more than a childish game).  From personal experience, electricity directed to a microchip implanted within the human body (say, a chip at the top of the spine or in the wrist - or even a chip installed at the base of the spine -  which is then used to receive electrical impulses to direct movement of limbs) results in soft tissue degeneration and extreme susceptibility to death by staph infection as the ability of the dermal layer to fend off 'the outside' degrades and disappears.  my apologies.  i resent fraud committed by those who portray themselves as 'highly qualified'.$100,000 Deus Ex: Mankind Divided bionic arm pre order edition18 robo-racists, pushed the thumb down.All they need is Colin to weaponize it.Have something similar in development and technological advancement for the foot, ankle, foot collar ??I actually have goosebumps after watching this... absolutely fantastic... wowI shall henceforth buy all their games in support of this effortIs this native advertising, or is this real? I can't tell. . .It begins!It's nice that their doing this and perhaps it will be world wideJoel Gibbard (Open Bionics CEO) is the real life Hugh Darrow. Let's just hope that 20 years down the line things are brighter for him than shown for Darrow in HR. But this is seriously amazing. The future might be Deus Ex.One day we don't need to send soldiers. We can control robots from a distance with motion sensors suit with some sort of vive on our head. Sup for playing video games, we can go in real war and not die.Technology is truly an amazing thing. The possibilities are endless.The girl with the robot booty is cool but how can I smash a robotWelp time to cute my arm offWhat exactly is Razer contributing?Will I need Neuropozyne to use one of these?so hyped, Im going to crysoo that why this game have been relased to help you with these amazing arms for people who lose his own very amazing (btd i like this thing to help people) sorry for bad englishthis level of technology is impressive , however people and the companies behind these innovations must take great care in how the perceive and implement them. to be clear there are two very distinct and very fine lines that must never be crossed : 1st  only individuals born without limbs or those who've lost limbs due to accidents, deformaties, etc will be eligible for this tech - to insure that healthy people with complete fully functional limbs can't run to the nearest chop shop to willingly mutilate themselves just to get access to them. 2nd military interests must not be allowed to influence policy regarding these devices - keeping in mind that these replacement limbs are meant only to replace missing limbs , not to be weaponized and deployed in advanced warfare projects. these lines must not be crossed or else the subject matter of this game could indeed become reality.toje opAnd now you just need to put some black fur over it and we're all good XD As bless himAwesome! Bravo sir !!! Bravo, my great Irishman!  We have such brilliant technical minds.  Hell, the Irish were the first to smelt ore!  Ha ha.Dios bendiga todos estos profesionales que ayudan a estos animales.I saw that cat on WTF (Weird, True, and Freaky of course)Kitty.Lt. Oscar has magic legs.Now I'm all for animal equality but do we really need to give a cat bionic legs? The mice stand no chance now!
What's next, x-ray eyes for dogs?Oscar Pusstorius?So glad Oscar got his legs back. Now it's time for *Phase 2:* Installation of forwad-flanked, dual gatling-cannons with back mounted Missile Launcher so he can take that Bastard Combine Harvester Down!So you would put this sad little kitty down?????
Ive got 3 cats...and if they would do this in holland if it was necessary  .....i would let help my cats just like this kittykat!!@catsrule!!!Starving Ethiopians could have eaten that catThis cat is augmented. Wow!awesome I want to see more of Oscar in action...fantasicgreat love the work  just think whats to come    curves that spring just like cats feet....shit i need to call this guy. my wife and i adopted a cat from her work (cat hospital basically) had been hit by a car as a kitten. its front right leg is bent at a 90 degree angle and permanently stuck that way and her back right is locked straight permanently. they tried fixing the back leg but she broke the pin and it wouldve done more harm than good to remove itBeautiful use of technology -- they change lives! Well done!FantasticFucking hell can humanity be beautiful when they are not busy killing each otherFullmetal alchemists 
fascinating !!Great story, great reality.Great work!!Great!If we can map how touch works, we can have bionics that are like real legs, hands, maybe even organs.
Because what use is a bionic heart that cant tell u that its getting weak blood flow and convincing the user to go check it out.
Its like having an error on your computer but it still works...if you felt something you would fix the errorIs that Ricky Gervais 6:30 !NiceOH MY GOD its Full Metal AlchemistOmg!!! can robocop become reality!!!!???!!!Walking up that incline with his new leg was FUCKING AMAZING!!!!Whats melody in 1:05?amazingbrilliant workfantastic, i have also an prosthetic leg, i am 30 yeats old, how its possible to be an testing user for your company? i am from slovakia, here is a bit dificult with good prosthetic limps. thanks for answer:) Hawe a nice day.groundbreaking technology :)sounds very interesting--HOW MUCH CDN????that's it... now i'm 19 so over the course of my life i'll see robocop in flesh and steel@livingselfsufficient. just recently become an AK amputee. Im amazed by your technological advances to help improve the lives of us amputees, but by no means am I rich. Is this something affordable to the general public?Hmmm I like the up and down the stairs but there is a problem with his gait . I can walk a lot smoother than that with the prosthetic I have now. I can see they have the right idea but they've not mastered it. YetI c wut u did tharIs this available to below the knee amputees? I am very interested and have great insurance, please reply with who or whom I need to contact regarding info.They would get way more advertising if they build some of these legs for Oscar Pistorius. He just needs to get out of jail first !This engineering accomplishment is actually incredible, just a monument to modern day technology, the ability to rehabilitate this man using electronics and engineering is inconceivably brilliant for the benefits it must bring him. WHY THOUGH: are subtitles so illiterate.    WWW Hhtpcomcraig is a douchethat's rad man
★ All comments and questions are welcome please feel free to post, share, like and subscribe it is appreciated!  Thanks for stopping by, Enjoy your journey on this pale blue dot!  ℒᶖⱴᶖᶇℊᶊᶒℓᶂᶊᶙḟḟᶖçᶖᶒᶇţ  $50Kish? That's really good for "Bionic Arm"@TheBootyFister You'd squeeze too hard by accident and will then be looking for a bionic dick.Can these bionic arms move heavier weights than normal? They never ask enough questions and these BS new shows. That one bitch all she said was " I don't know if this is creepy or really cool". She has to fill that role cause she's a female news personality.

This is fucking amazing because this is just an early prototype, like the first laptop or something. Wait and see what they have in a couple of years. They'll be fully functional with awesome software. Military versions with military hardware. They could have communications (cell phones) built in, security, access to your car, home etc. It's a good time to need a prosthetic...if you have the $$.Darpa did thisHoly shit, not trying to be insensitive or anything but I would so give up my arm for even just to prototypeI might sound crazy here, but I think some of the same technology used in this Bionic arm could be used to help achieve Full Drive Virtual Reality Technology. Like if you ever seen this Japanese Anime called Sword Art Online, in it in the near future, this new virtual reality headset gaming gear called Nerve Gear comes out, & its basiclly a virtual reality headset that allows you to play games in a full virtual reality dream state, where you can run around, play, fight, fell, touch, & smell as an avantar in your game, without having to wear all that gear, & without having to use a controller. Cause you would control your avatar with your brain. With technology like this, & the rapid development in Virtual Reality technology plus the rapid speed at which computer & eletronic technology is advancing at, I think where only another decade or two away from achieving a full drive dream state Virtual Reality headset or some sort of Technology like it, sort of like the Nerve Gear on SAO & Only a few decades(like 3-5) from something like the Matrix.It's almost like automail from fullmetal!!!!!!Shut up THEY STOL MY IDEA!bucky....but can he jerk off with itterminatorwow! God bless you with all the support you need.I really hope this technology keeps upgrading and keeps on advancing!IT WASN'T FATE, IT WAS A GOD THINGThis guy says that his leg feel and  perform better than the real thing.He actually think it is better than the way GOD made him.And if is so call feet ever got wet it might short out or seize up.  HOW SILLY.  I am amaze at peoples stupidity these days.This is amazing, it looks like a beautiful automail, I hope to live to see the day in that have something for the people that lose a hand, and the lost of a arm or a leg don't be the end of the live. Truly awesomeWhat's going to happen we have a solar flare power wipe out people hearts will stop how can i get it pleas ?lol soon wele have the anti biotics protest no no it goes against god! lol ganna get interesting deus x babyyep (hat off to you) I been doing my own study too. I try to find a way the make a person with missing limb to feel again with mechanical limb or bio-limb. Still need a lot of study to do.@juanmora19910209 Agreed - I was all with them and then that last line made me sick.No! Can't watch polar bear hugging ad again! makes stagecrewjenni cry :(Wicked! I'm very inspired by this new series.
If someone with a prosthetic limb volunteers to go back on active duty, that's their call.
There was a famous WW II British ace Douglas Bader. He lost both his legs and still managed to get back into the fight when he convinced the RAF he could still fly a fighter plane. Look him up.XcellentcenaAmazing :DEXTRA PICKLESIs this looney tunes?Oh gosh this made me laugh!This is the best :DWhat game is this even.  I want a pickles arm. awesome Cxthat pickle tickle my funny boneunderbartAll Australian are handicapped prick.
Don't forget muslin Kaggoo boom bomber.But it cost a shit ton of money right... It's useless to the average person with a low budget.Can't wait for a hacker to crack the wireless...

Dance Mother F'er...DanceCool, in another 20 years we might actually be using quadriplegics as xcom style cyborg M.E.C troopers :DCrikey!! Bionic Sheep!Did anyone learn ANYTHING from Spider-Man 2!? Let me Guess the Dr in Charge, Dr Octavious?Holy shit advance warfare crap right hereI've  seen Robotics;Notes so I know how this will endSeems like Kevin spacey might just become a super villainSometimes I like to fart on my window and lick off the condensationStephan Hawking has some hope left!The end of the world I upon us. All hail Flamin Hot CheetosThe inventors came to talk about it at my high school!This is honestly amazing.WHAT IF U WANTED TO PUNCH UR BOSS BUT NORMALY YOU WOULD HOLD YOURSELF BACK BUT NOW YOU CAN BLAME IT ON UR SPINE?We are getting closer to saoWow. Australia is finally doing something that's actually useful, it's impressive!as a quadriplegic myself this sounds great but I feel tech like this will be able to be hijacked by 
the evil who are setting up the beasts NWO.  Where they can take control
 over people with cybernetic, bionic and other implantsso... did they cripple the sheep with hammers or ?when star this resrochGood job aghaye doctor.coolwell putAwesome !! It's looks really fantastic the hand and the ultimaker is the machine for that !First Comment from Sarp(12years old maker and winner of the 3D designe competition in Turkey)and have an Ultimaker2+ and wants to have an Ultimaker3 from Ultimaker Company :)Maybe someday I'll have an Ultimaker...Hello I was recently in a car crash and would like everyone to hear my story, donate or share it. Please visit my page at Gofundme.com/Armando2016Thanks for so such good news.Very cool! I know the first is the military that would find this interesting but the first people on mars will need that as well and although I don't know anyone that has an amputee I'm sure they would love something like this that really feels like an arm or leg rather than a mechanical deviceWow.  BRAVOfirstAbout bloody time. Better still, get our lads home and they won't be losing limbs for no good reason in the first place.....How about stopping imperialism instead... then you won't have to make these limbs... i hope the country isnt gonna be greedy and say you have to be special to get it alot of people need ithttps://www.facebook.com/Crfcruz/videos/637799802990269/https://www.facebook.com/Crfcruz/videos/746806402089608/https://www.facebook.com/Crfcruz/videos/750626351707613/vejam esses outros vídeos da Camille Rodrigues, mesmo c prótese mais simplesvery impressivei would rather sit on a wheel chair...
BUT its good they`ve making progress. it seems that we are generations away from something acceptable.transhumanism is the futureHugh Herr is such an inspiring man!

I actually drew an art of him: https://www.facebook.com/959874444096424/photos/a.959909047426297.1073741828.959874444096424/959909180759617/?type=3&theaterI think he's destined to be an amputee(not in a bad way), to fulfill a bigger mission for humanity. And that is to push the boundaries of what humans can overcome. With such an amazing brain, an innovator and a visionary. He's giving hope to thousands of leg amputees.Oh dear...Please work on the blind too. Thank you Hugh Herr for everything you do and what you are going to do in a near future,you  really are an awesome human.real life Robocop anyone?Good video... Cant wait for the technology to become cheaper so your average guy could have the operation and be able to live a semi normal life.Accel World here we come!Are you guys try VR+ headset staff?Can by used with arduino?Despite current limitations, the possibilities of this technology and others like it is really awesome. Just like VR or AR, it's kind of still in the doorway but knowing they'll keep on working on it...we'll probably get to where we where in 1982 where you could fire the missiles of your really sleek fighter jet simply by Thinking in Russian. Come to think of it, Clint Eastwood already beat us to this. =DI think that one of these days this could be used as an extra brain. kinda like a portable hard drive.Lets hope we can decode our brain to have layout for visual environment within our vr :PLol @ the interviewer having no clue on the implication of such consumer level state of art of the technology in 2014. By 2030 this and VR/AR will be so polished it will be just like a sci-fi distopia.Looks like the augmaMaybe they are creating a game right now but not yet done. A sword art online like game ..I will 100% buy 1So anyone else here because of sword art online XDThis doesn't work. It works when it's not even on your head. And if you have dreads, you're not getting it to your scalp. Then when you ship it back for a refund. They refund 50% of it. Be very careful when paying.Where do I get one?Wondering how she's not having seizures when the whole brain is lit up... lolYou god damn monster! A whole world of people suffering with all sorts of unresearched, untreated mental problems, and all you can think about is using this incredible new technology to develop 'neuromarketing', because of course that's what the world needs. You pathetic, twisted, miserable excuse for a human being.You know the way this is described how to influence the objects is the same way you use your chi to manipulate objectsaha diyen ağzını sikiyim sesin amına kodumun ukalasıcheck back 2 decade, next.reporter is really annoyingthat could be a lie detectorwhat program is she using at 0:30?*It is nice to see her smiling. She - thanks to science - can do what she had been unab....i dare you to make less sense.And let me guess, you obtained this 'exclusive knowledge' from the likes of Alex Jones? Or was it some poorly made YouTube video?Babies should not take aspirinCould this be used to vibrate a diaphragm?EDIT: thought powered in the traditional sense*

Seriously, why is there no "Edit Comment" button yet.....Go back to Prison Planet....I thought about writing a novel about a man who's brain was moved to a robot after he died and was able to continue living, and the way that I thought about how it would work is EXACTLY how the person was controlling the robot in this video, and I was totally guessing, that is awesome!It is nice to see her smiloKeep in mind that this isnt thought powered in the sense traditional sense. The chip that is implanted into the brain is actually picking up the signals from the brain that would - in a healthy person - go to move the arm. It is then sending this signals to the computer which is then moving the robotic arm.

For example, take note how her hand and arm moves a little as the robotic arm is moving.Wait But Why :)Well if your God wasnt such a sadistic, psychopathic, deranged bastard and would stop making people sick and disabled, then this "evil" technology wouldnt need to exist....
  What about Stephen Hawking, are his upper motor neurones damaged too or would this technology work for him?i wonder is it possible to make an external memory that the brain can get information from like the real memory that a human havele to do for many years.this make me smile too :'} sometimes we dont think of how lucky can we be typing this simple text....well its been five years. hows it going?wow!4:50@guerillachan20 That's a good point, but (and I am no expert either), there's a whole section of biomedical engineering that focuses on materials that won't cause infections or won't be treated ad foreign by the body (biomaterials, if you are interested). That's why engineers often work as a team- you'll rarely see a team of biomedical engineers- it's (for example) 1 neuroengineer (me!!), 1 materials, 1 electrical, 1 computer. Team effort. @guerillachan20 The device is silicon, with small metal electrode sites at the tip.  But yes, there can be a 'foreign body response' that effects the utility of some of the many device tips over extended periods of time.
The devices are commercially available at blackrockmicro website@liftedmedia Hi are you a grammar nazi and if so why?@robowenyt  Sorry, but I really don't see the patronizing tone. He made it as simple as possible, I think.

But even if you thought he was patronizing (and I disagree with you here), why would it matter?  Who cares if he's an asshole if his team can change the world.@sn1pe352 There are plenty of smart bar maids :)All of this is to address a broad range of neural diseases and injury, AND INADEQUACY. Why should the first superhuman intelligence on Earth by a 100% synthetic or an injured person? Why not several generations of self-bootstrapping superhumans who then redirect their efforts into computer design?Are you saying spinal cord injury victims deserve this technology more than disabled people? I'm sure SOME (not all ofc) of those victims were in a situation they put themselves in (drunk drivers, daredevils, soldiers etc) You're born with disability.Combine this with a blood-powered fuel cell =DGreat video
It would be awesome if this guy made something that could read brain controls fast  because Stephen Hawking could finally communicate well at all, and a so intelligent person like him who can't speak well for 50 years would love itIts starting to become available this year!!!So you speak for spina bifida sufferers?The 1 dislike must have been Christopher Reeves since they didn't finish this technology before he diedThe implications of brain-to-machine motor function and communication not requiring organic mediums is absolutely incredible.  What I want to know is when it will be practically available!.You're quick to jump to conclusions. Why are you so aggressive?i didn't get why he kept doing the "drdrdrdrdrdrd"...


????one of my professor's is a former student of shenoy's :)this also be grate for live pron  shows wouldnt that cause infection having a chip with metal pins implanted in your brain specially due to the fact that the metal might become oxidized causing corrosion but hey what the hell do I know Im no expert..-. all these damn SAO references..seriously. new kids I swear. It's all about .hack...Amazing how anime can cause Ideas and already in  experimentation inventions to be more popular.Cool but needs a less creepy headset, the one in the video looks like it might be able to control the human brain and not the other way around so that needs fixingEpic, I want one how expensive is this?Few steps away from Nervegear just add motion control and we got it pretty much just use an Oculus Rift with it.How did you train it so well!? I have spent hours training the EPOC but I can't get it to reliably recognize more than 2 different actions...Imagine pairing this up with an oculus rift and playing games like skyrim or battlefield with itLets GankNo longer are the days of smashing the keyboard and mouse and gaming controllerSword Art Online Incoming :DYou would own in arenas. add an omnidirectional treadmill, one of those FOVE eye-tracking VR-headsets and use a first person view, and it's really awesomeahah all knows Sao i love SAO<3 i wan tto play sao until i die Nerveagearcould you do it with hart wave ecg !do it with swtorgood video, We have the same contenthello sir, do you have a reference tutorial for me to make a game like that you make this? I have my school project for graduation, I hope you can provide a complete tutorial how to make this out to me.oculus rift + EEG welcome !!! TO SAO !!!! :)that is great bro....  symbiotic soul  control ,41,801 viewsDid someone say "fake accent?"Did someone say tech noose? *hangs self with a computer*Does NCIX pay their employees with tips?Does this guy really come into work (at NCIX) looking like complete garbage and this is totally ok to put on their "official" YouTube page?Facebook news dayHmm !Tech News!!Tech news!Tech?Those avatars are a bit creepyYOU CANNOT SIMPLY "just buy the RX580" IF YOU DON'T HAVE THE F'IN' MONEYYeAs TeCHnewSAcan only afford a homeless guy, eh?central pahkfacebook is turning into some blackmirror shitmisleading thumbnailpewthat Mi6 was looking good until i found out it has no headphone jack, i guess they are copying the iphone's flaws as well.ᶰᵉᵛᵉʳ ᵇᵘʸ ᵃ ᵏᵉʸᵇᵒᵃʳᵈ ᶠʳᵒᵐ ᵃ ᶜʰᶤᶰᵉˢᵉ ʷᵉᵇˢᶤᵗᵉ" Brainstorm " movie, Christopher WalkenAmazing. Now Imagine a hoverbike or a jetpack controlled with the brain.EEG nodes + frequency/amplitude modulated wire loops, designed to 
produce magnetic fields of modulated field intensity and size (I assume 
everyone reading this is familiar with transcranial magnetic 
stimulation). Due to the mathematical behavior of this, we can utilize 
the formulas involving Columb and Lorenz forces to predict the spatial 
distribution spikes in energy that form bands in the magnetic field 
produced. Utilizing these principles, we can then take advantage of the 
principles of superposition and cancellation when multiple such 
modulated fields are produced to increase or decrease the intense the 
charge passing through the neurons in the regions of overlap.

Similarly, we are also able to predict the skew such signals will cause 
in nearby EEG nodes, also in fixed spatial positions. This would allow 
for fine resolution activation of groups of neurons, as well as 
suppression of existing neural firing via interactions between membrane 
polarization and intersecting 'troughs' in the wave patterns' spatial 
positions.

This is merely a refinement of the low resolution proof of concept 
performed by Stocco and Rao (2013), and later replicated by others at 
the University of Washington.

Due to the necessity of fixed spatial position for reliably calculating 
overlapping superposition and cancellation of the electromagnetic fields
 within the brain (linked to the particular effects of cellular 
structure on the field produced by it's cell body polarization), 
intracranial implantation of EEG and magnetic induction loops would be 
ideal. However the shifting position of the brain within the skull would
 ultimately necessitate the use of algorithms interpreting the shape of 
the field as perceived by EEG nodes regardless, in order to have a 
meaningful map on which to project changes via magnetic stimulation.

This technique would allow for a high amount of resolution with limited 
stimulation sources of relatively lower individual intensity, with 
exponential gain in resolution and for each interacting magnetic 
stimulation node influencing a region. From this point, it becomes a 
matter of software, rather than hardware.

Similarly this relationship between cell membrane polarization, combined
 with spikes from potentiation, upon the EMF (electromagnetic field) of 
the individual neurons is also, by its nature, a product of these 
patters of calculable superposition and cancellation. Operating from 
this model, the intensity in the fields perceived via EEG must also, 
according to our current understanding of the EMF fields involved, carry
 calculable information regarding the base polarization, and specific 
firing activity, that may be mathematically reduced via the spatial 
positions of cancellation and superposition, and their electromagnetic 
intensity.

This isn't old information. These are things we already know. Am I 
missing some critical issue?Human mind reading machine. 
Made a very important ( revolutionary and unpublished ) discovery - invention-the1.first practical device for reading human thoughts / human mind reading machine / Brain Computer Interface.  Discovery is not published. I invite partnership. Thank you. Сурен Акопов. ( Syren Akopov ). It's official there is no soulMap the human brain. Use particles like computer transistors (14 nanometers) placed into harmless bacteria that can pass the blood-brain barrier. Get billions of these particles into the brain. Do this on 
rats and chicken at first.brain controlled interface BCIcan a brain-to-brain communication be done through BCI?house?my brain thinks lots of stuff lolsir i want to know the eeg amplifier1 person has no EEG activity.@michon96 
There are certainly a lot of possibilities but the proper software would have to progress tremendously before this could accurately recreate our dreams or to really make anything meaningful out of them.

So far it seems the technology works better with better focus.  Dreams on the other hand are notoriously incoherent.  It would be amazing if they could get a reasonable interpretation from a person's dream, but that's likely MUCH further down the line if it's even possible to achieve.@thenewchance 299$AwesomeHave to hand in an assignment 'bout it. Great video. More interseting than wikipediaI love how the top two comments are the same Nice lecture.Now I know this is supposed to be all serious but do you think the concept from a Japanese anime could be a possibility for this kind of thing. Go watch sword art online and you will know what I'm talking aboutO_o'  My face when 2 top comments are the sameOnly 8 years ago such a headset would cost close to 20,000$ (the Mindball which is way less sophisticated). The biggest advance with the Emotiv EPOC is not really the technology itself, this has been available for a while, it's making it finally available to the public at large.Read the novel brainjack by Brian Falkner.The action definition being in a constant enum kinda suck, wish they would had added some kind of more flexible way to define custom action into the API.The idea for the arrows and to use mind control in humanoid robotics (Honda did copy my idea for Asimo) , or to move the cursor of the mouse in the computer were mine... now watch this... if you use the squared screen with augmented reality in your cell phone or eye glasses... then you will be able to do more... I have even more ideas to implement...  but this is for later... you can watch my website with the most complete Humanoid Robot list in the World in the mean time...Wii vitality sensor... TAKE THAT!Wii vitality sensor... TAKE THAT!
game consoles have progressed in a very a high level for ten years so if you think about it we are really in a fast pace in techs so imagine a decadee from now how we are going to live.better techs....androids, mechs, and maybe this technology can recreate your own dreams and make it a game..(anything just think about it do what ever the hell you want to do about it, for example flying, create chaos to a city with super man powers, and for men; create hot women).. of course nothing is for sure.i hate top comments..if people practice this enough, it would be sweet to actually bring the force into reality!! like causeing the brian to actually move stuff in reality!!!it's offficial no one really gives a shit about thumbs up. its just people making accounts thumbing up themselves. lol that's geniusAttach a freaking laser beam to that shark's head or GTFO.Can we also capture motor imagery for different actions using this open bci board i.e Cognitive mapping. Say to control a prosthesis when i think of controlling one.DARPA would like a word with you.Ehehehehehemmmmmmmmmmmmmm, sooooooooooo, dem big hero 6 mind controlled things can be real?Everyone's go to 3d printed hand is the InMoovGUI? just say monitor you numb nuts. and they are not hackathoner you twits.  they are sexless virginsHow cool is hell? MmmmmHumans are weird, they show their teeth when happy.I want a mentally controlled army of robot spiders.I'm a web developer. I need some way to type with my brain instead of using my fingers. Does anyone know of a product that does that?SUPER LIKESounds like Pacific Rim, Imagine 3 or 4 pilots working together to pilot a mech.THIS IS THE BEGINNING OF HALO ARMOR! ( If you don't understand this, this is from game theory.WOWWow, now I am thinking of a flying shark with missiles attached to it being controlled by a guy in a military copter.iron man could come trueis that sergey binkinda boring till someone learns how to incorporate it into porn somehow.uh, hmm, I am pretty sure "the Borg" was something you ran from in fear in star trek, as sexy (not) as these nerds make it...it is a  shortcut to abilities that we have or had until our masters screwed with our dna...so if you want to live in a cube  and be a serf for elite.  go for it...otherwise patience  grasshopper...we can and will attain our  gifts again.--that is if we can stop balance our consciousness  or  spirtuality  with our  technology. take  a step back techno geekwhat a fucking scam."provide us codes please.".i really need this"..*Wow* Can't wait for the other videos.I am using a bluetooth module, and it won't connect. Can someone help?I got a brainwave headset from NeuroSky for my project, and I am gonna  watch and learn from yours :) thx a lot I want this so much, but not available here in germany... ok, for 300,- Euro Import from USA :-(can i send data using a bluetooth module connected to the headset ?can u tell me how to make a eeg 
??did anyone else see "MINDFUCK" on the box instead of mindflex?do you think would it be possible to just get a head set and a 2.4 Ghz receiver to communicate? id imagine there will be some coding to do.from where did u buy mindflex?how is this DIY? You literally bought an EEG sensorwaiting for more Eric (y)what arduino did you use?"Auto Correct for the Mind" 
We will be thinking about something, and then Auto Correct is going to Duck it up, and send it across the planet to everyone in a HD streaming movie of embrassment. "Language of the World". (The Alchemist, Paulo Coelho)+John Smith I think this technology is more applicable for people who are paralyzed and lack the ability to type with their hands. Your points are valid but I do not believe this is a product for commercial useCIA's going to really love this... spying on people's mind... do the majority of us need this? #notatall  There are too many bad things the US will do with this to allow it. 

Opens up a pandora's box of privacy and legislative nightmares... remember how quickly google glass became illegal most countries, this is likely to see the same fate, with the odd exception.

Err the reason we don't see our parents is most of us work #doh

If you only ring your mum when you're driving you're making some pretty bad life choices. Then again she said it #successMatters, more than family  in her case. #workaholicDIsorderFuck Mark Fuckerburg Fuck  FacebookHer motherly persona is so disarming!Huge titsI found this video really interesting.  I'm developing a way of telepathically knowing your own mind, getting closer to transferring across to someone else.  Without wires or nodes, I'm finding the need for extrasensular connection like the skin important. 
I'm driven by the unknown future of AI, and blindly guessing the future of technology.Lol this would be such a learning curve and something that will probably be left to the next generation who will grow up with it and be able to learn it much easier. Makes you amazed that one day we may be penalised by our children for still using generic speechOkay, so I have a question. The Facebook BCI will stop us from looking down at our phones so much - but won't this new technology mean we still be accessing all the same info / social interaction, but just internally - still effectively switching us off from our immediate surroundings? For example, If I was in an "digital telepathy" messenger conversation with a friend on the other side of the planet wouldn't I seem completely unfocused to other people who are right next to me?Right on.... I like this future for all humankind..... :-)Skin hearing hmm interesting, will we get a new type genre of music called skinrave?Story is better medium than speech in capturing the fullness of a thought, well saidThat is fucking scary :(
They already took our privacy now they want to take our free will by trying to control our thoughts ? WTFThis has gone to fucking far! I bet our smart phones are already reading our minds. Technology has reached a dangerous level and it's in the hands of psychopaths.This makes me intensely uncomfortablefacebook is piece of shitsatan's work starts fast and deep. if u're afraid is a feeling , feelings are from God , everything else from humans or worse.we have no right to read the thoughts. bitch put that electrode in your ass..you are greatGénial comme concept ! can we purchase the game?? Please direct to the concerned..greatwe're close from the date(Very interested one)
hope all keeps going well
and i liked your video very much ^^
Awareness of this technology has to be raised, and we need to come to agreement on using it reasonably, with standards and setting safe limits.  How this is used needs to be open, clear and carefully watched. If you value your own mind and of others, I suggest you try what you can  to see this done responsibly and not lead somewhere unfortunate.
Combination of Tasla's owner , Cloud computing and BCI technology, I will say, we can be a cyborg less than 5 years.Congratulations to Emotiv and NeuroSky by popularizing this important tool

With this device even Target Individuals can show remote changes your brain waves. 
We hope that more companies in this area appear to make the prices of these products even cheaper

Keep it going.Good points, interesting lecture..I believe this to be a moral catastrophe.

This technology can essentially kill a person and be used against them mob style.

It is a disgrace and abhorrment to medical ethics.
I know this is a bit strange and I hope you are able to view this message. I am a victim of illegal experimentation and RFID trafficking. I have a device called ALS Locked in syndrome patient device in my left brain with an eye tracker in my left eye. I have no idea how it got there. I do not know how to get in contact with the President on a private basis. SO I am reaching out to you. I am a woman and business owner with dreams a visions. But this is causing a limit to those dreams and very bad pain in my head. I do not know who to call or talk to about removal. But you can call me or put me in contact with someone who will. My name is Emelda . Please help me This device seem to be used to see through me and human traffic me. 
I discovered this about 5 months ago and since have not been able to get any help from people i have contacted. Please I beg you to give me a chance. I know I am not wealthy, I have no money at all to support myself. I can barley make ends meet. Your are a very huge public figure with so many connections. I know you maybe busy and have lots to do But I really need your help. I am afraid of this device giving me cancer. I do not know what to do. If this thing was not in my brain, my life would be easier. I am being monitored and I am not a criminal. I found this thing could even read the locked in patients thoughts. So it is possible my mind is being read. I am not sure of this, but I would not be surprised. I am not looking for money, although I could use it. I just want this out of my body so I can be normal again.I want to say something. She refers to hackers as criminal actions, there are hackers that are good and she should consider hiring some nerds for her experiment. I think it will give some new sight in the sciences combined togheter.It was an interesting lecture, but if she says "um" one more time; I just might kill myself.Mind-Over-Matter Technology 


Mind-Over-Matter Technology, sometimes called MOM Technology for short, is a branch of science & technology where the human brain or mind is utilized as the primary controlling mechanism for the instruction, manipulation and operation of all forms of electronic or digital electronics products, machinery, motor or hybrid operated vehicles (air, land, underwater) and all other known or yet to be invented machinery, digital electronics devices, products or apparatuses across all industries & technologies. As an example, Mind-Over-Matter Technology would totally eliminate the need for a computer mouse where all computer operations and instructions can be executed simply be thinking about the lists of instructions and the computing device would carry out such instructions by reading and communicating with the human mind. Mind-Over-Matter Technology debuted live on the web on May 5, 1994 and was invented by prolific inventor Andre Gray, the inventor of ringtones and the electronic press kit, when he posted a 1000 word manifesto on his Usenet newsgroup webpage that included its name he coined, a detailed description and parameters of what constitutes MOM Technology, several examples of how it works, and the future implications and benefits of using such technology like the elimination of all remote control devices and use of hands, hence making Gray the acknowledged founding father and primary exponent of Mind-Over-Matter Technology branch of science and technology.can someone help me download from researchgate ??is similar technology is currently being used by some criminal organizations to target and torture innocent civilian victims?. I am one of many victims nationwide  who have been targeted by covert assailants using similar technology unethically to criminally  torture its targeted victims,deprive them of sleep for hours, project their thoughts and personal information,such as what they see, memories and dreams, and keep them under constant tress with threats of violence and psychological torture there are many victims nationwide whom have been targeted and subjected to BCI technology experiments. without their consent and against their will. when that is case it is a crime. it undermines the checks and balances that protect our constitutional right to privacy, some use this technology not to enhance the mind but to destroy it, destabilize a persons life. torture and brainwash unwitting citizens to do things against their will. what legislation protects the public from criminal use.too many umms gotta go...2:47 Glitch in the MatrixEEG nodes + frequency/amplitude modulated wire loops, designed to produce magnetic fields of modulated field intensity and size (I assume everyone reading this is familiar with transcranial magnetic stimulation). Due to the mathematical behavior of this, we can utilize the formulas involving Columb and Lorenz forces to predict the spatial distribution spikes in energy that form bands in the magnetic field produced. Utilizing these principles, we can then take advantage of the principles of superposition and cancellation when multiple such modulated fields are produced to increase or decrease the intense the charge passing through the neurons in the regions of overlap.

Similarly, we are also able to predict the skew such signals will cause in nearby EEG nodes, also in fixed spatial positions. This would allow for fine resolution activation of groups of neurons, as well as suppression of existing neural firing via interactions between membrane polarization and intersecting 'troughs' in the wave patterns' spatial positions.

This is merely a refinement of the low resolution proof of concept performed by Stocco and Rao (2013), and later replicated by others at the University of Washington.

Due to the necessity of fixed spatial position for reliably calculating overlapping superposition and cancellation of the electromagnetic fields within the brain (linked to the particular effects of cellular structure on the field produced by it's cell body polarization), intracranial implantation of EEG and magnetic induction loops would be ideal. However the shifting position of the brain within the skull would ultimately necessitate the use of algorithms interpreting the shape of the field as perceived by EEG nodes regardless, in order to have a meaningful map on which to project changes via magnetic stimulation.

This technique would allow for a high amount of resolution with limited stimulation sources of relatively lower individual intensity, with exponential gain in resolution and for each interacting magnetic stimulation node influencing a region. From this point, it becomes a matter of software, rather than hardware.

Similarly this relationship between cell membrane polarization, combined with spikes from potentiation, upon the EMF (electromagnetic field) of the individual neurons is also, by its nature, a product of these patters of calculable superposition and cancellation. Operating from this model, the intensity in the fields perceived via EEG must also, according to our current understanding of the EMF fields involved, carry calculable information regarding the base polarization, and specific firing activity, that may be mathematically reduced via the spatial positions of cancellation and superposition, and their electromagnetic intensity.

This isn't old information. These are things we already know. Am I missing some critical issue?Made device for reading human thoughts / human mind reading machine / Brain Computer Interface. Discovery is not published. Сурен Акопов. ( Syren Akopov ).Medical purpose: Use neural interface for comatose patients to link with the waking living real world via avatar or signal output and sensor array. Issue might be changing of brain chemistry that might not be safe.Most boring talk i have ever. i never knew that BCI can be made this boring ! Zero talent to convey and present !Prof. Anikeeva, thank you for the elucidating presentation on brain communications. The topic of wireless communication with the brain will become revolutionary! Kudos and I hope to be around to reflect on... I remember watching a TedX video by Dr. Anikeeva in 2015 on this very subject.loving that white skirt, shes sexythis technology is cool but there is no.spread awareness on this situation, it's possible for someone to pick up this product off the shelf and hack into someones brain without any consent, meanwhile they have no answers for the victim of this crime, where to go what to do it just seems helpless, there needs more solutions to this problem and spread awareness, if u see this and have any answers please.replyMade a very important ( revolutionary and unpublished ) discovery - invention-the1.first practical device for reading human thoughts or Brain Computer Interface. My discovery is certainly ( exclusive ) exceptional, revolutionary nature! But I can't publish my discovery ( защитить свои авторские права ) and I invite partnership. Thank you. Сурен Акопов. Very nice info.15yrs. ago DARPA developed a computer that could see things through a persons eyes and recover memories from a persons brain. the computer could also ask the person a question and tell if his reply was truthful or not.@13raisydaisy13 If I could, I would invent a technology that helps people to think critically and with objectivity. @13raisydaisy13 take your paranoia, ignorance and conspiracy theory somewhere else...@13raisydaisy13 who cares if US will keep the technology for themselves or not. I'm from sweden and I don't care but USA will gain money on this moron the more people who can do things themselves the more people can work and the more tax money goes back into the state. @nonconservative Dude, did you even see the video that this technology can help people with severe disabilities? Technology can be used badly in wrong hands, but to suggest that all these scientists all over the world working on cutting edge research and technologies are conspiring against the human race and are a part of the sinister plan does not show much objectivity or critical thinking on your part.Do u see the irony in that statement?Dr John Hagelin claims that Transcendental Meditation can b a key. I'm really interested in the VR applications of this tech. Being able to read intended movements, emotions, facial expressions, etc, would be fantastic in a VR environment! It would remove the need for motion tracking and facial recognition tech. The only issues after this is high resolution, immersive displays, which we have some great contenders for now, and perhaps even some way to safely prevent the movement signals from moving our actual bodies. This already occurs when we sleep, maybe there's some way to take advantage of that? Ultimately it'd be awesome to control the brain so perfectly that we could plant whatever input we wanted, and make it see and experience anything we wanted. Like input taken from an online virtual world, and from other participants in that world. Why develop a VDU when the brain is the greatest VDU and processor there is?Military Spy Weapon that Monitors the Brain

Brain monitoring devices

Victims experience different things depending what the operators do at different stages. Sometimes, the operators will perform quick random hybrid testing. Here are the stages of torture I have suffered physically:

•	Brain monitoring
Use a brain reader to spy on and record the victim’s thoughts and what the victim sees. The victim does not feel anything physically or hear any sound. 

•	Brain language interpretation system
Access and analyse thoughts inside the brain and interpret the information. 

•	Sound frequency transmission
Transmit sounds to the victim. Those audio recorder pens available in the market are not able to record the sounds, but the victim can hear them. The sounds are not audible to others. The operators use a device to control whether or not the victim can hear the sounds. 
-	High-frequency buzz with low-frequency vibration is caused by the operators controlling the frequency. The victim will experience ear swelling and pain or a tingling sensation in his or her eardrums.
-	The victim is still able to hear the long buzzing sound. Normal buzzing sound usually does not come with constant long, high-pitched sound. There are very minor pitch differences to differentiate the buzzing sound, e.g.:
	“sa sa” sound produced by television or sand
	constant long, high-pitched sound
	long, low-pitched sound produced by television (steady volume level)

•	Low-frequency vibration
Silent high and low frequencies are used to vibrate body parts mostly to torture the victim to make him or her yield. It feels like the vibration one feels when standing near a large speaker. The frequency and extent of the vibration can be adjusted. The frequency must be different from the heart rate for the victim to be able to differentiate it clearly.     
-	Transmission of vibration frequency is an aid. When the vibrations are being sent out, it does not mean that the operators are transmitting information at the same time. Sometimes, the spy will send out single repetitive, fast, low-frequency vibrations to torture the victim.
-	Sensation felt in the brain, chest and ears.
-	Fast frequency may cause: giddiness, headache, mild feeling of brain concussion, blurred vision, tightness in chest, breathing difficulty, arrhythmia (illusion) 
-	A torture method that targets the brain area to cause pain in certain parts of the body: Target strong, fast low-frequency vibrations and long buzzing sounds at the brain area for 24 hours a day for a long period of time. After six months, it will cause fever or elevated body temperature, headache and giddiness every two to three days. Every time, the headache will be at about four fingers to the right and the left from the middle of the top of the head. If the left side is painful, the right side will be numb, vice versa. This is not a standard symptom. There are many ways to achieve this. If high-frequency vibrations are used at the same time, it will cause pain in the head or other parts of the body concurrently.          
-	Able to hear the conversations between more than two operators. Use slow low-frequency vibrations (targeted at the heart or other parts of the body) and sound frequencies (long buzzing sounds). Can be operated by two people concurrently and used on two body parts. Information is differentiated using speed. 
-	Use strong, fast low-frequency vibrations that are faster than the heart rate to cause the victim to feel chest discomfort, difficulty in breathing and irregular heart rhythm.
-	If the victim is walking or exercising, high-frequency vibrations must be used to transmit information. During or after exercising, the victim will not be able to feel the vibration because his or her heart is beating very fast. The operators will use sound frequency to transmit information.  
-	At slow frequency, the operators will speak at a rate slower than heart rate. Without sound frequency to help with the transmission, the victim is able to read the information in an idle state.  


•	High-frequency vibration
Used to warn or torture the victim. May be divided into the following three methods:
1.	Constant tingling sensation – Frequency is the same as that used in laser guns used for medical aesthetics purposes. Burning sensation. If used on organs such as the heart, it will cause agonizing angina.
2.	Constant sensation of electric current flowing through
3.	Quick electric shock sensation – Feels like being pricked by a needle. If the electric shock is strong, the victim may wake up from sleep with a scare.  

•	Satellite surveillance 
Use satellite to transmit images to see clearly the surroundings of a moving victim and the people and things the victim has contact with. 

•	Voice and video recorder 
Record the victim’s thoughts and actions. May be used to hypnotise the victim.
Hypnotise the victim using edited brain language of the victim after having spies collect recordings of the victim’s brain language and observing the victim’s weaknesses for a long period of time. If the victim does not have a firm mind, he or she will very easily follow the hypnosis instructions, thinking that it is his or her own thoughts.

Using ignorant civilians as guinea pigs

Except when due to mental problems or religious reasons, long buzzing sounds, strong static electricity shock, tingling sensation from electric shock, heart palpitation, chest tightness, headache, giddiness, mild hallucination, etc., make people believe that their body is sending out warning signals and that what they are experiencing are caused by stress and external environment. Physical examinations will show nothing. What is really happening is that they are being affected by brain monitoring.  

The ignorant people and psychiatrists are not well-informed, the government is hiding the truth and shirking its responsibilities and intelligence agencies are withholding information. As such, the victims think that the problem lies with them and end up with mental illnesses. When it comes to brain monitoring, those who are not professional psychiatrists and those who have not actually experienced it can only refer to the mental illness symptoms found in books to guess what the person with mental illness may be having. The so-called mental illness is nothing but a name decided by the psychiatrist association through voting.
.
.
WARNING: Important individuals from your country may be being monitored with a brain monitoring device and important information may have been leaked through a military spy weapon that monitors the brain.
.
.
Victim declared the following:

My experience as a victim for three years proves that the Taiwanese brain monitoring operators are able to spy on people in Mainland China, Australia, Singapore and South Korea freely. After setting a human target, the brain monitoring device is able to spy on this person 24 hours a day. If the person being spied on, i.e. the victim, interacts with other people, the brain monitoring officers will also be able to read their thoughts freely as well.

Feeling indignant that the brain monitoring team members, who had neglected their duty, were using a government device for personal purposes, I took China Airlines and Cathay Pacific flights to different countries to search for places that were not being spied on. I did not bring along any laptop, mobile phone, electronic devices, and there were no tracking devices on my personal hygiene articles and clothes; and I did not bring along any items that belongs to others. However, throughout the entire flight journey, including taking off and landing, I could hear the brain monitoring operators deliberately disclosing spy information. This is definitely not a form of spying that ordinary pinhole surveillance cameras and organisations are capable of achieving.

While sending brain information to and talking with the brain monitoring operators, I could tell based on my knowledge of the local culture and the accent that they were Taiwanese. There were three teams. They worked shifts 24 hours a day, with three operators per shift. The brain monitoring operators see my going public with this letter as betraying Taiwan. As such, they want me to commit suicide. Day in and day out, they torture me using low-frequency vibrations. I have a constant headache and recurring fever. My vision is blurred and my head is splitting. They hope that with me in fear and feeling mentally and physically exhausted I will not be able to expose the secret.

I believe that military technology professionals are able to find out the truth by determining what devices are able to transmit brain-monitoring information. There are transmission records for all signals, whether they are sent through satellite, network devices or cross-border signal transmission devices.

I am not a volunteer. I did not sign any relevant documents. Before I was being monitored, my physical examination results were very good. I did not smoke, drink or use drug. I did not have any bad habits. I was careful with my diet and did not share food with strangers. I was in good health, mentally and physically. I did not have any surgery. I did not have nightmare and I did not sleepwalk. I had a simple social life, maintaining normal relationships with my male and female friends. I did not make any enemy or have any debts. My family was simple; no one in my family was involved in political activities. I studied arts in university. My work had nothing to do with high-tech electronic products.   

This event all started in Taipei on 2011 with a man called Gordon Xue, Taiwanese name as Xue yong-Sheng, the only person who has actual contact with me and who is involved in brain monitoring, declared the following:

I used to work for the government. I could use the express lane at customs. Currently, I am helping my family acquire hospitals through legitimate and illegitimate means. My father was previously a senior management member of X Group. My uncle is the owner of a screen manufacturing company. He was once named one of the richest men in Asia. Chiang Ching-kuo attended my parents’ wedding to congratulate them (Once, he show me photographs to prove this). My mother used to manage a property insurance company, and my maternal grandfather was a retired official. My mother later remarried to someone whose family owned a Taiwanese shipbuilding company and had mafia connections. 

I saw with my own eyes that while following and protecting him, every one of his bodyguards, who were not wearing earphones and had not taken any phone calls, knew exactly what to do and when to leave. These bodyguards prove that unforeseen circumstances cannot be prevented even with using brain monitoring to transmit information.  

As at the time I finished writing this letter in 2014, I was still being tortured.  This proofs we're all human beings equaly, the same kind of sense, feelings, thinkings, and tastes. It just appears different on the outside!brainwashed sheepleis this like what those boys in NEU did?
now THAT's what i call technology!!Hey where can I get the electrode-wire cap set.We need to use it for my computer interface development project.If somebody could help me.Sweet! Gotta get my hands on one of these, thanks for offering this to the community!Very cool.Why the fuck is this so expensive?hmmm... 800 bucks for a little circate board and few electrodes?sounds like very affordable to me...+Gnomicable We are perfectly okay with opening up with body to fix problems, if trying to fix them on the outside doesn't work.  What's the difference with doing that to our brains?  And we won't need to literally open up the brain to fix people in the future - focussed electrical signals, etc. will be able to do that.  Robin Williams tried his whole life to fix his brain with stuff he could do on the outside, and it wasn't enough.  What then?5:10 Yes, that's the right way of thinking!Behold, The beginnings of the world system of the final generations. facebook is working on thisBullshit bingo!It seems we are close and its just a matter of time. But we come to a cross road. Do we want to become cyborg and incorporate these technologies into our figure i.e. arms and computers in our brains just to make us better. Or do we want to keep them external only for people with disabilities. Its a new question and the time to answer it is nearing.Mind Solutions has created the worlds smallest BCI device, its the size of a normal bluetooth earpiecePersonally I can't wait to see what kind of games (both mainstream and pornographic) that they will make for these future devices. Perhaps something like Sword Art Online or Accel World. Just imagine being able to interact with the simulated world of an MMORPG with all five senses, questing and raiding along with your friends and family as if you were actually there. I hope the first one gets made by Square Enix.We don't understand the mind and the involved problems we have already well as it is. If this is done mindlessly, greedily and without limits, on trivial matters like entertainment, there WILL be serious problems - personal and social. Some of them will affect us all ( Freedom and Privacy of thinking!! ). we have to cautious and look for safe outside alternatives that are already available. Not just trying "opening up the brain for happiness". The one below just makes me want to facepalm.      i agree technology need to respect our individual and human needs,its shouldnt control our lives,our brain is the only privacy we have if thought reading technology is used on us,its the same as mice in a cage,basiclly no freedom whatsoever. pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee cure us ...we need help ...humanity is tired of heart breaks ...greifs ...depressions ...bad mood ...laziness ..all this crap that freezes our brains and kill our happieness ....please open the brain and cure its diseasesthe.message is if this technology is available there needs to be awareness on social issues, this type of product can get in the wrong hands and destroy someones life such as brain hacking someone's mind without consent...prior to that the victim doesn't have any answers or solutions at this point, noone understands if the victim says there are people in your head trying to control your.mind because it sounds crazy, so with the rise of this technology there needs to be spreaded awareness for what the victim to do if subjected to this situationwe want to make softwares nnXbrain
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/nnxbrain-control-everythink-with-brainAwesome video, very didactic, thanksGreat idea and amazing efforts for that work...but presentation to convey that idea could have been better!He indeed is a bright Indian kid... Great workPoorly explained and exaggerated at times.Yo bro.. Grt workgood work but where is published article or any paper that anyone can do refer that what you actually did in your project ?it someone is subject to being brain hacked by this type of technology where do they go to get solutionswhat a stupid stupid presentation!
poor material, poor presentation.
in 7 years of research, you could just demonstrate FES!Comment section looked lonely. 

Hello WorldMade device for reading human thoughts / human mind reading machine / Brain computer interface. In particular, I have created a perfect Speech Generating Device for people with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis / ALS. Assistive technology or Augmentative and alternative communication. About the problem look : Jack Gallant, Tom Mitchell and Marcel Just; John - Dylan Haynes, human mind reading machine. The discovery has not been published.So what happens when a patient say 'no' if asked if they are happy. What happens if they answer 'yes' if they are asked if they want to die. Then what happens. You keep them alive because the law of the land say they should be. Stupid machines. Just make things more complicated.First!if youre a victim to bci brain hacking what do you do who do u contactSo finally I can just sit back relax and animate all those pesky key-frames while animating my character in 3d! YES! ok but what about the crimes it could do if gotten in the wrong hands, is there a way out! there needs to be more awareness on this shit hackers.are hacking innocent people without knowing enough.knowledge!!!! if the rise of this is.coming make this shit expensive as fuck or keep it only in medical studies or some shit idk but let it get in the wrong hands and it can mentally destroy someone, spread awareness on how to get out man, i know its early.but crimes are already happeningALL GOOD AND FINE TILL  YOU ACTUALLY STUMBLE ON YOUR MURDER SIGHT THATS YET TO HAPPENI broke my femur and they implanted a rod...   This rod created chronic pain, chronic fatigue and a host of other problems.   I do not think we are compatible with metal parts...I don't think it's a good idea for humans (or trans-humans) to live "forever" or even for centuries! Can you imagine? Or they would need to NOT have reproductive organs! AND they would need to have enough intelligence to care about and take care of their environment!!!!!
The movie sounds interesting though = I will check it out
There's a great book by Michel Huellebecq called "Possibility of and Island"(2005) = a story about cloned humans in the future and how there has developed a resistance movement by those who wonder what life used to be like before they got cloned.....freaky and rather depressing story, but well done....I think they made a movie too (haven't seen it)

Thanks Rex, Love your work = keep it up! ( but get some rest too :)I sometimes get spooked by you.You look like think like and are occupied by the same topics as I m.You are like a younger better versjon of myself.Even my name means BEAR in my language.Im very satisfied with your work.Continue!Tips fore interiuve: Corbett report(James)and Benjamin Fulfrord.(so we know its him writing)I telepate you.It takes a special kind of person out of billions to make and design that stuff.  Soooo, if a bunch die off that would be it until it all breaks or robots take over!Man will never improve on God. Man does not know it all. God has already made us eternal with the soul!No. I wouldn't connect  to any neuro-linkQuality and duration of life is not about intellect; it's an heart issue.So will we all be walking around with crystal skulls? That would put a new spin on things.But if we are going to do this thing? I still want to be able to shoot a beam out of my mouth like Godzilla. lol... Along with all the sound effects...
But to be serious I'll pass on all of it.

A song written by Kerry Livgren and Steve Walsh
Artist: Kansas
Album: Leftoverture
Year: 1976

Lyrics:

I'm woven in a fantasy
I can't believe the things I see
The path that I have chosen
Has led me to a wall
And with each passing day
I feel a little more
Like something dear was lost

It rises now before me
A dark and silent barrier between
All I am
And all that I would ever want to be
It's just a travesty
Towering
Marking off the boundaries my spirit
Would erase

To pass beyond is what I seek
I fear that I may be too weak
And those are few
Who've seen it through
To glimpse the other side
The promised land is waiting
Like a maiden
That is soon to be a bride

The moment is a masterpiece
The weight of indecision's in the air
It's standing there
The symbol and the sum of all that's me
It's just a travesty
Towering
Blocking out the light and blinding me
I want to see

Gold and diamonds cast a spell
It's not for me, I know it well
The riches that I seek
Are waiting on the other side
There's more that I can measure
In the treasure of the love that I can find

And though it's always been with me
I must tear down the wall and let it be
All I am
And all that I was ever meant to be
In harmony
Shining true and smiling back
At all who wait to cross
There is no lossYou are doing a great job. maybe people will wake and learn something new. Be the change you want to see.de- evolution is the key word there Rex,.   95 % of our So called Junk DNA can be available accessed through meditation and relaxation of our minds.   cleanse those nasty ass chakras that have never been open much less used.!!    A knowledge of Frequency's and  herbal medicinal affect is good too.    certain Frequency's affect differant parts of the body.!   And I'm not talking about music.   just sounds differant pitches and Frequency's.   !!!good movie saw on kodigotta get that chip.....I like beer too but, can't remember to zip my pants.  ; )http://neurosciencenews.com/text-thought-bci-5345/
Made device for reading human thoughts or Brain Computer interface. The discovery has not been published.http://neurosciencenews.com/text-thought-bci-5345/
Made device for reading human thoughts or Brain computer interface. The discovery has not been published.i feel like the best example of the transhumanist movement is Cybermen from Dr. Who.its the ramake of an old school anime dont over think itmaybe i should not take all the blam, maybe it is cern.rex,i change my old light resesse lights this morn to lcd . look what happened to the png co, the teck is almost complete. we are now digitized. i save a lot on electric bill, but is at acost.CBD's help to protect and stimulate the synapses in the brain and endocannabinoid system which the brain is a part of. 
Sounds to me like Mary Jane wins again!Channeling. From what youI would plug In unless I required the mark of the beast to use it. My thirst for knowledge consumes me.Man merged with machine =loss of humanity. Very tempting to many people, especially the young ones. This technology is SOOOO open to abuse.Oh Hell No!!!  Giving the government the keys to your actual Brain?!  What could go wrong...Plugs into the matrix, 10 hours later, "I know Kung-Fu" -Neo☯️
It took me 10 years lol
I'd rather keep it that way, great experiences along the way.
We are too naïve for technology like that. like, if you give a child the knowledge to preform surgery would you really want the kid opening you up?
Theory is great but experience is unique and priceless. 
We would all be hive minded.
It will be our demise.Realbotix first female Ai sex doll
Most of Arnold Schwartzeneger movies are coming to life
Total Recall, The Running man, Terminator, 
"The 6th day" just upgraded a few
Repet & https://realbotix.systems/SERIOUSLY watch the Stargate series if you haven't as yet.Some Chinese can be read like English. This has "accidentally occurred on numerous occasions, and then it doesn't. Very strange. I have had a few times where the Chinese word even looked like English. But what you are speaking about is done through laser. This could be achieved through yourself and the sun, when eating the right foods etc. You do this all the time. The sun is more electrical and you have an electrical current that connects to the ionosphere and spreads everywhere. Through and to all. It's a matter of picking up on the energies that are all around you. They put a laser into you to hide top secret code. Then they want you dead. Original plan took the many zero loot as a child. See the truth of the lie?Super interesting and creepy! The same action on synapsis was known by ancients and bacopa flower was used to improve memory and cognition. India and China medicine use it since thousands of years. The indian mix was known as Brahmi and used by monks etc to study. I use it and is great for Cconcentration and memory and rretaining iinformations and many  other phisical things like digestion system and breathing and others... I helped several people to go out nervous breakdown with it, their psychoanalyst were amazed. I m really happy as the doctor of the last one I helped was so amazed that decided to prescribe it to the other patients too. Is great stuff and Just now indeed is Being studied because university studies prooved prevents Alzheimer. So is totally possibile they research more in this cognitive field now. ......still prefer flowers than machines.... flowerpower :)Thanks, but I like being different, so if ya all want to download...your choice, for me, NOPEThese technologies are tools. Just like the neurophone invented by Patrick Flanagan. With that being said if you are utilizing a tool that has been corrupted or is being used by corrupted people and/or entities then user beware. This Matrix is a hologram created by the thought forms of consciousnesses giving rise to interference patterns which form from constructs in the outer holographic "physical" reality. It is not unspiritual to utilize holographic form constructs to improves ones own biohologram for spiritually and genetically progressive purposes and enhanced life progression with an intentional direction aim toward organic self creation and mind manifestation especially in a manner that reverses the damage done to us by malevolent forces. We just must be careful to avoid the incorporation of substances and cybernetic technologies which negatively and disharmonically alter our bioholographic and conscious evolution in a manner that facilitates any diabolically demiurgic, satanic, demonic, extraterrestrial, martial, etc. agenda. Raise up with wisdom and fearlessness and love and fuckin discernment.They could severely fuck up someone's brain by using this shit lol.Using BCI devices can overheat the brain and it can be fatal. Literally. 'Johnny Mnemonic' comes to mind....YOUR LIKE THE SCIENTIST THAT MAKES THE BOMB  THEN REALIZES HE CREATED DEATHi just absolutely love your videosman look the fallen are here planet x is here with 8 planets or alien motherships in clones through DNA that they saved from mummies  from Egypt Obama n all the others the new mummy movie tells us all Anthony patch and John Moore is there names thanks again rex oh also controlling time through cern n harrp opening dimensions thats why they can time travel turning earth into a shit hole just like the superman movie and 2012 witch was a year of awaking thats why they put the movies out to fuck up are frequency just like 911 when everybody's frequency was down up to them they feed off of all that and thats why we haven't moved as a country since thats why they did it twice biggest blood sacrifice everrex, have you watched Gattica?you should not be promoting this, the artificial intelligence  will be smarter than you .  your heading down the wrong path
GODDAM ASSHOLENot much wievs on your video?i want to se the surgery of the implant. plz uploadAwesome!! In fact now we can share thoughts at the speed of light. :DThe Mustafa lad lloks like Hazard.This gonna be huge! Look at SAOHi lairobotics. I am a PhD student from University of Technology Sydney (Australia). I am experienced in Emotiv EPOC for 5 years, but previously I have only been implemented the P3Speller on Labview and Matlab with a lot of laborious codings. Now I have purchased the new EPOC+ headset (with raw signal access license) and tried to connect it (in real time) with BCI2000, as I find BCI2000 is a powerful tool. However I don't find a way to connect them together (I use Windows 10 64 bits). Could you please provide me some evidence on this issue? My email is anhkha.vo@student.uts.edu.au. So many thanks. Kha.Made device for reading human thoughts / human mind reading machine / Brain computer interface. In particular, I have created a perfect Speech Generating Device for people with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis / ALS. About the problem look : Jack Gallant, Tom Mitchell and Marcel Just; John - Dylan Haynes, human mind reading machine. Discovery is not published. I invite partnership. Russia. articles on implanted brain computer interfaces should address the issue of neural scarringAJ. It's KC here. I've used this video so many darn times you should start paying me a commission!Thats looking good.
You must see this BCI (link below), it does same work with at a cost of US$12 only.
youtube.com/watch?v=KD1KxYuUtNwБоже, он русскому языку где учился ?Создан интерфейс мозг компьютер / human mind reading machine / Brain Computer Interface /  Открытие не опубликовано. Приглашаю к сотрудничеству. О проблеме : Jack Gallant; Tom Mitchell and Marcel Just; John - Dylan Haynes, human mind reading machine etc.Amazing... I'm going to send this to kaitlynBCI is a subject I've been interested in for a long time. It's awesome to see UW and area HS' involved in this. Do you guys have a site?

It would also be helpful to have your LinkedIns posted.BoiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiI think the video sucks. you're not addressing how the brain works and how to interface to itThis video is aburrido.WOW WOWbut what about the crimes that can happen, these products can be.picked up off a shelf and set up from there. what happens if youre an innocent victim to a brain hacker and your subject to brain torture. what do you do where do you go, ive tried everything and have gotten zero fucking answers, i dont want it to be too late, there needs to. be spread awareness on this bci of the dangers it can do spread awareness!!!!!so when can i be a cyborg  like in ghost in the shellGreat! But I thought this had already been achieved and put to use to allow Stephen Hawking communicate.This sounds like next generation slavery humans bots
I want all my money backayyyeuh helpnervegear<3Amazing!! Congratulations. Excellent work.Excellent Work !!! Congratulations to you Saumya !!!!!Excellent...can u please share some technical details?yess we did it!! 
thanks saumya sir and ravi sir ..I have an Ocular implant, and a ECoG sensing device in my brain. but I am  not a paraplegic patient. What does this mean?Made device for reading human thoughts / human mind reading machine / Brain Computer Interface / discovery is not published. I invite partnership. About the problem look : Jack Gallant; Tom Mitchell and Marcel Just; John - Dylan Haynes; Andrea Stocco and Rajesh Rao, human mind reading machine etc. Russia.Words data analysis is my specialty, and I am now looking to share with the more godly and upright researchers.This is your opportunity to leap frog should you email me.  All I need is data exposure unless they want more.I speak of unveiling much of the Godhead Heavenly records of math, in the Heavens where our conversation is.All this material I have is ancient and calibrated across the entire language. :) jthjr63@gmail.comif you fall victim of brain hackers of brain computer interface what do you do or where do you go!!! there's zero studies on THIShttps://www.theguardian.com/science/occams-corner/2015/apr/09/will-neuroscientists-ever-be-able-to-read-our-minds
Made device for reading human thoughts or Brain Computer interface. 
The discovery has not been published.it could also eventually enable blind people to perceive their surroundings which would be very beneficial.Made device for reading human thoughts / human mind reading machine / Brain computer interface. The discovery has not been published.Teleoperation, Metrics, Signal processing, advanced sensors, Trigonometry everywhere."Reminds me of lab rats"Apple should make these. They would be Ieyes.But the real question is, can he still go to cinemas where cameras are not allowed?Clickbait - disliked.Dá uma agonia de ver um negócio de metal dentro do olho do cara, aquilo deve ser muito desconfortávelHe can't see through it not impressive at allHow he charges itI'm kinda scared of technology nowIt's so cool how this technology has been advanced to.... but the cameras for eyes are still potatoesRaul Menéndez irl...That is so damn cool.Wait so he can see out of it o.odid he see what his camera eye see?go to north Korea and u will be abke to everything there that they won't allow u to seehe should have it tinted to look like a real eye because he looks terrifying. Its not a spy cam if its the first thing I notice.he's face just like big boss with the eye patchhow does he charge ithow tf do you charge itthis is utterly moronic drivel !!what if I chopped off my dick.... would I have a cyborg dick well only one way to find out2:52 who else thinks that some japanease worked on this?3:05 I wonder what that's used for.....Dat octopus at the endI didnt know Octopi could camoflauge.....I know where that tentacle one is heading...I'm sure this has been done, but...
3:00 : I've seen enough hentai to know where this is going...Jordy laforge would be proud.Light-Controlling Sheet Switches Between Mirror And Transparent (1:39)Love you Kevin and  Vsauce team! My dad will have his bionic eye surgery on Jan 15th, 2015 at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, USA.  He has a genetic disease called retinitis pigmentosa, a degenerate condition where the retinal wiring gets shot.  He started loosing vision in his late 20s.  At nearly 70, my dad may be able to see for the first time in years.  We are all very excited!Wait, making a computer like a human brain? ARE THEY MAD?!?!?Why are the bat's wings torn???????????? :(Why do all videotitles have question marks behind them?YOU GUYS ARE LYING! IT'S 3 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS NOW!ehhh!?
but how about? human memory transfer to computer memory? and turn to robot?lol @ 2:50! wonder why he made that!?lol why are people so scared of a robot uprising? its a conspiracy it probably won't happen, all you have to do to stop a potential one is to limit some choices of the robotomg that octopus!! XDwe have entered the era of the gimmick world.Can someone explain this to someone without a degree in engineering?How about color?This video does very little to help convey anything of value to the average person.hope it is 60 fps master race@nhuloveskpopDose it work if im drunk?I am blind from one eye when it's going to come in india so I can takeI don't know but the lens sound too good to be true.I hat you wedding ballads under lenceI suffer from amblyopia will this help me and how much?I was born blind in my left eye. I desperately await this becoming affordable!I'm hoping against all hope that this is not a hoax. According to some web sites, this technology is suppose to be available by 2017 but again, my cynical nature is telling me that is just a con game designed to fleece gullible people.Is this real?Okay stop talking, here's my house keys, do we have a deal?Please hurry up with this. I need this now.Subtitles were a great idea except that you used a white background and a slightly off white font. Who can read that?We are watingWhat about someone with best disease?What if don't wait till 25 and got it at 19 or 20 will they still allow itWill you explain, how to work Bionic Eye chip?alguien me podría decir ese producto cuando va a llegar a colombia?its still not avaliable for me .. its 2 year past now..price?回复都是英文吗 表示看不懂。。。3:35 for the story it self.Come on science! I need bionic eyes...Fuck that guy, who the hell does he think he is exploiting people to donate to "cancer research".Gonna become a cyborg! :DI need a bionic eye because my left one is messed up. I'm blind on one eyeI'd want my bionic lens to be able to percieve the whole EM spectrum from simple heat and infrared to radio waves, unfortunately that's still a long way away.I'm legally blind in my left eye due to retina detachment I was born premature I'm 18 now idk will this work for me or not and will it lasts and I hope I don't have to wear special glasses to see Small thing and I've seen this used on almost all of SF's video's... it's the "whoop" sound on every visual transition. This gets really annoying after just a few minutes in and disrupts the flow of the speaker.Thumbs down. The majority of this has absolutely nothing to do with the subject in the title.
I will NOT be watching any more of your videos.WHAT THE HELL ONLY 3 MILLION DOLLARS AND 8 YEARS TO MAKE THAT LENS THATS CRAZY 

MAKES ME WOUNDER WHY ITS TAKING SO LONG AND SO MUCH MONEY FOR OTHER THINGS LIKE BETTER HEART PUMPS, CURES FOR VARIOUS ILLNESSES, BETTER PROSTHETIC LIMBS, RENEWABLE RESOURCES ETC.Well I'm getting me some robot eyesWhat if someone like Aiden Pearce from watch_dogs hacked into any ones eye and began to make them go crazy or make them blindWhat world do you live in that Obama is a an ally of Israel? Can you point to any action by Obama that was in the best interest of Israel? He condemned them blowing up tunnels that led in to their country.Would these bionic lenses help someone with stargardts disease?? That's what I havebionic lenses already?! yes!!charities that only benefit the heads of their organization, looks like the typical church scam, and those people should be in fail for life, if you want to do charity, the only way you can be sure it reaches the right persons is doing it in your community and in person, if everybody did charity in their own community instead of giving it to these scam artists, they would live in a better neighbourhood, not only because of the material donations but also the spiritual wellbeing caused by the sharing of good willi can see a bionic eye being used from everything from replacing glasses and contacts to helping partially blind men and women from contruction accidents or head trauma victims see agian, though it also can have a double edge sword, i can also see people blaming it for future eye damage such as bright lights, trauma even faulty doctors.i want to kill james ronald senior, thats the guy's name right? yeah i wanna beat him to deathstop the freaking advertisement youtubewow very cool , the loop, lots of cool stuff."Cure" lmao no2:45 jesus cured a blind man accoarding to the bible (lol)4 yeras  later.... no progress at  allBenji glo needs thisCan this help with my loss of peripheral vision? I am not planning on getting this any time soon, I am only 15.Everyone should try "Urine Therapy". By drinking your urine and putting eyedrops in your eye can give your eyesight back and cures blindness.I just hope the bionic eye glasses can make the blind see againI'm interested to joint your business how to contact you to set up branch my countryIt is invented by Muslim scientist Dr NazzadTommyEdisonXP sort of brought me here... Amazing guy with a light hearted channel about the blind man experience. I would pay big money to see him... see.dude 10 years isn't even close to enough time to eliminate blindnessfuck youi was hoping theyed be aloud for every one no more eye problems for any one no 100 to 300 for glassesis it useful for those patients whose retina, eyeball, cornea of both the eyes are badly damaged due to injury?maybe they can fix cancerthats what i call low internet connection....they should make it for freethis is our futurewhere the fuck is new zealandAmazing, I worked in the IT field for many years. And have always thought out of the box, even when those government hacks thought I was whacked. Then other IT partners looked at what I was trying to do then they worked closer to me incase I was needed to help solve problems with my fresh perspective that they knew I could help with. Was published in 2000 and 2001 Entrepreneur magazine. Worked with Symantec when they first brought out their firewall. Been one hell of a ride. :-)Cameras that are better than human eyes have existed for years.FREE : Google Goggles Like App
Sparkling Apps, the Netherlands based mobile app developer, had a deep look into Google Goggles, and used it as a base to create an advanced mobile image recognition app themselves, calling it ‘Talking Goggles’. Talking Goggles, as the name suggests, speaks out the results it finds. You can take any photo or run a camera feed, and the app will tell you what it finds on the image. . App link: ht tps://itunes.apple.com/us/app/talking-goggles-lite/id623187517?mt=8Human eyes are fundamentally flawed, looking forward to getting an upgrade.

pun intendedI suppose you're from a distant future that holds ..wait..time has no limit conceivable to the human mind therefore what you said is bs from the get go.I want to bionic eye technology 
Australia address 
please give meI wonder a full skin with these sensors!Interesting ... Thanks for Sharing ...Make it a 50. Given nano-tech issues.Maybe, our eye has about 500 Mp so it is possible.More money should be invested into science instead of religion.Saying never in science ? every time someone said that it wouldn't happen or whatever. 
we surpassed it and made it 100 times better.
Some men used to say that no one would ever go on the moon, we did it and today NASA aims to put man on Mars.
Bionic eyes are new, give it some time.
''The possibilities of science are infinite''
The word ''never'' doesn't have it's place in science.That's why Squids, Owls, Eagles, and pretty much every good camera beats the human eye, right?The human eye has many faults, technology could immensely improve it,There are already a few ways to do that last time I heard. But I haven't quite been in the loop for a while as far as cybernetics go.This dead wrong, because the truth is that there are ways that blindness can be cured with the use of regenerative medicine, which involves the use of the genetic makeup from the patient's own body. Make no mistake about this one, and that is that this has everything to do with messing with nature. These people that doing this are nothing more than just a whole bunch of mother fuckers, and father fuckers that will do this knowing that it is just plain wrong! All of what one can mention about what can be done to grow new body parts is correct, and anyone who is to say that they beg to differ does not know what they are talking about.   True. The only special thing behind the human eye the a brain that "cheats" a lot.Yes I do understand what you are saying about your having over 9000 credentials to your name, however I am still 100% against any bionic body part, because of all of the restrictions it would impose on anyone. Now I will tell you that I do not think that there is anything wrong @ all with my telling you that I find that bionic technology will be a major breakthrough in people being able to have a more sophisticated way to commit suicide, & yes this will mean that this breakthrough will be one truly great miracle, where people will be able to kill themselves be the ways, & means of self electrocution, & that will be a great breakthrough for the human race! Now I will have to tell you that it is right for me to tell you that I am not @ all against what I mentioned, because this is worse than cutting off the head of another human being, & I will never apologize for saying this ever! Make no mistake about this, & that is that no one whoever has this done is a human being anymore, because this will clearly say that these entities are humnoids, which means that they are former human beings with no real life @ all! I will have to tell you that this to be the advancement in absolute self destruction, which I will tell you is going to absolutely wonderful for any thriving civilization that is on the face of the Earth!    why copy the eye exactly... Why not make it better more useful, for ex. better optics in night, glare reduction during sunlight, color correction, "digital" zoom. hell why not throw in xray, thermal vision lolol請問他說甚麼?求轉中文Claro... Y ayudan a un abuelo sabiendo que hay miles de niños con ese problema y sin economía para permitirse ojos biónicos. Otro gol para la ciencia...For real though, this is fucking incredible! and this shit is just going to get better and better, i am willing to bet that we already have implants in development that can do pretty adequate video! (( well, 240P would be adequate for early nanotech ))I actually saw that guy and thought he was weird... if only I had knownI criedI never want to be blind but It would be amazing to feel something like, have something everyone else can that you've never been able to do and then be able to do itI'm so glad my eyes work really well.Is this bionic eyeglasses available for purchaseTechnology, a BRIGHTER future.This chip and cibernetic thing isn't good. In biologic body it is better mecanic (not eletronic) than computer that can be controled.Would be epic, having optic nerve hypoplasia in one eye being completely blind and only about 20% functionality in the good eye is very depressing, would love to see with both eyes before I lose vision in the good eye.Wtf. This is bullshit. He can't really see shit. Just blurs very unfair to charge him 100,000+  for this. Talking about the glassesexpensive shit jesus christin 100 years cloning body parts will be the norm and the No.1 for allman, just wait until they make a higher res version. i have a damaged optic nerve in my left eye, if they could bypass the optic nerve all together, that would be awesome. then, add the ability to detect UV and IR light. Absolutely awesome.sight of daredevilthats what i call low internet connection...the moment this video started i thought of GTA 5. Anybody else?this video made me really appreciate my eyes. bless that man for having such a positive attitude.what a time to be alive.what happen if rain and go to his eye hhhhmmm0:38 reminds me of Gordie's Visor on Star Trek TNG500 pixels!!!????

please make 12mp of second sights!!!!!From what all I heard and from what the diagram showed, all I can think is that, that thing must be uncomfortable as hell.I hate it when an AI talks over a video...I wish I could get itREALLY!!SO PAINFULShouldve augmented your voiceannoying as video.. I rather have words on the screenhey guys,can boinic lense help to keratoconus?https://fundly.com/m2/i-want-to-be-billionari just hear everything but i could follow a single word what was talked about.... if we can make bio eyes, why isnt there a software that pronounce words perfect?if that were real it would be ON THE NEWSit didntive had a few brain operations but i dont trust people with my eyes like that not even for lasikmy friend lost his eyes in accident,is this work how much is the cost for this surgerynow we can be like sasuke from naruto :D@Alexplus20 Unless you can time travel, i don't see this as being possible in your lifetime. Sorry mate.@Alexplus20 oh wait. never mind.@JaemzStar A person who is born blind has bigger problems. The eye wires itself up to the brain while the fetus develops. The ability to see lines and classify the orientation of lines comes as a result of connections formed as a baby. If you can't see by 2 years old, you probably aren't going to be able to see at all, at least not in a very useful way (you may be able to discern light and dark areas).And how to you bring electric signals to a degenerated brain nerve?
Even if it was not degenerated: how do you gather information and preprocess it so the brain can actually use the input? the retina does a lot of preprocessing and so far the pattern has not been deciphered.FUCK YOU I WANT PEOPLE TO KILL THEMSELVES FOR THiS ABSOLUTELY AGAINST NATURE, AND YES PEOPLE KILLING THEMSELVES OVER THIS IS FAR MORE NATURAL THAN TO ADJUST TO RESTRICTIONS THAT PERTAIN TO BIONIC BODY PARTS!Faith never really healed the blind.  Science can.I take it that the neurons in the eye are not affected by this disease. If they are, this approach won't work. The eye is more than a biological camera; its an image processor as well.Jeez mr Arnold so pleased you are just not a doctor thank humanity for that . You are crazy thoughMy vision is augmented.So the human eye will virtually become a video receiver. And it will be able to watch, let say, a movies thru a video transmitter??? Crazy...So you could actually see with closed eyes, too? Man, I would totally get something like that for the shits and giggles. lolThank you for news.I want to know about it more.The major issue with this now is, what if it's not damaged at the retina, but damaged along the optical nerve? or at the site of the brain where vision is "processed?"They cant just implant a camera into the pupil?Why replace when you can just add a third one (or eight). ^^ and once they have finished this project it will alredy be outdatedits like having super powers XD lolmy wife is blind.. can you give vision of my wife?thank you
they should make a real sharingan eye i'd be first volunteerAll i saw were great child bearing hips.Anyone else think of tales from borderlands?Aww Thats wonderful Finland dr Urpo Rinne dr Paavo Riekkinen and partners operated brain eeg measuring and transmitting device to the brain Pharmaceutical company knew and paid these illegal human experiments and these killer pigs are freeHere's the KTLA story by Dave Malkoff about The Argus II implant.
EMMY AWARD WINNER https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbv2hebWdlMI like that you're speaking in an empty room.Lets just clarify that the patient by no means see what a fully functional eye does. The implant is only able to perceive and translate fragments of light, which appear as white dots for the individual using them. These pixel dots multiply/intensify with depending on how much light there is.

In other words, if a room was fully lit and little to no shadows were present, then consequentially the individual would just see white, unable to differentiate a wall from thin air.

Of course on a usual day he would be able to differentiate between highly lit areas and not, even being able to navigate within a certain area. But the point is that this technology is still very limited, at least in terms of consumer use.Lol, the wife thanks the Lord rather than thanking the doctors for the 'miracle'. FmlMy dad is getting his bionic eye surgery (chip implanted on his retina) on Jan 15, 2015.  So excited!NO way is she the one for 3kbTardis I want a tardis Why does she wear that if you can see her fat? Like I don't have anything against fat people or anything but it just doesn't look good in the sense of it not really fitting. It also looks very cold.deus ex style augmentationsi am 13 and blind in my left eye. what i think would be strange is if they somehow gave me this implant. so i would see regular on my right eye and see light, dark, and shapes in my left. that would feel and look weird..... wouldn't it?i wonder how much transhumanism will extend our lifespan ??it starts with pong.shut the fuck up bitch annoying u are lucky u are not my wifeshut up!yay  :  )Has it been tested ? If so, I want to know if the blind's brain reconize these letters as the visual ?I've read some where, that there was first patient, who tested this device. And he can see using it. Honestly, it's hard to imagine how it looks like.)That webcam is the Logitech Quickcam 9000.This is great for some one who has a working optic nerve, but a damaged eye. But if your optic nerve was damaged you are still sol.  
This video didn't really explain anything to help me understand how the bionic eye works. How clear are the dots? Does the wearer see dots? Is a persons face translated into dots?  Is everything in the foreground and background just a sea of dots? How does depth perception work? I presume it doesn't work. But maybe it does? Watching this video didn't help much at all. Sorry. Sad face etc etc. john cena: no u dontAWESOOOOOOME!!!Amazing!Make no mistake about this one, and that is this bionic technology needs to be tampered with, to be used as a lethal weapon. Now the great tragedy to be caused is the markerstone of success that needs to happen. There are no two ways about this, and that is that remote control tampering is a legitimate option, because of these trans humans, which yes does mean that causing an explosion dismemberment of their bodies James Bond style is going to be awesome, for that is all this bionic technology is good for! Ray, congrats for fulfilling this life long dream.  I always knew that one day I would read an article or watch a video like this... amazing job my old friend.Why aren't we funding this?this is great!Bionic eye may look simple for the ones who could watch this video, but it really would be a breakthrough for the ones who couldn't. Although it apparently is a temporary fix, it eliminates blindness(at least upto some extent). Gotta love science.Mine will shoot lasers and dispense snacks. Now he wants a divorce!Ok stevie wonder you are next THAT SHIT NEEDS SOME TITAN XThere is hope in this world, maybe we are not all evil like isis and Us gov and zionismThis ought to be free! Imagine all the people out there blind who have never seen in their life being able to see! Of course nothing is free but this could be government subsidized and made cheaper, or the Gov could invest in this tech so it becomes cheaper faster!Well I guess their are worse things then going blind finally that's just amazing.Wow! This is so Star Trek.lolso, 60 pixel ?too bad is going to cost an arm and a leg to afford one for the people who really need it.. that's capitalism folks..Amazing, fantastic work!Interesting, I'd be interested in getting this myself when the technology progresses.This is great, I can't wait to see where this is going over the next decade. finally someone who doesnt comment 1st on a video there is a god!so Deus Exwere one step away into making a real life robo-cop!why don't you use curve retina with Gulf strand eye model for example?The eye would have to have a receiver to receive radio signals. Just ask a hacker about anything..... I have. They like to help and will tell if it can be hacked. Don't worry so much.All the miracles I have seen are done by scientists.His eye was tired, because it wasn't used to sight anymore. I bet the more he uses the implant the better it will be for him. Just my thought.How accurate can this method be, to natural sight?Only God Can perform A Miracle!There's another way of making them see again; something at the back of where a defected or missing light-sensitive... thing is modified with a light-sensitive pigment that I think is found in algae. It then produces signals sent down the optical nerve, kind of like this but more organic, I guess.Ussaly it's few hundred uncolored pixels. But technology will gradually improve to thousands and even colored. There is also a lot of effort being put to decode the nerve impulses the brain recognizes as image to make vision more and more clear. 

Eventually pixel number will reach so called retinal definition. I just wonder which technology will come first. Biotech, stem cell or gene therapy.
damn, damn, DAAAAAAMN!its a camera attached to the optic nerve is that right ? or is it much more ? .no, you should prey!same last name :pwonderful thank god .Amazing eye allows you to see the world in 24 pGreat job guys!!This is our future!!Hi! I have toxoca in my rithg eye!!Have vision 20% this news is good for my I hope so,look better after!!I cant wait for the day when blindness become a thing of the pass #progress Let's say, i had an accident, piercing my eye and having my retina damaged, i still have my natural eye, could this work for me!? i hope so...That's one hell of an idea.  I saw an article in a National Geographic magazine in the 1990's wherein it described this procedure (or at least one similar).  They didn't have the camera glasses though, but only a chip implanted upon the retina and a pair of normal spectacles required for use.This is where I want to be in the future. I want to help develop this kind of technology.couldnt they making their vision better just by adding more electrodes to the board in the eye its now 60 why cant it be 120? or 240I love his positive attitude. Inspiring.inspiringsad me tears of joy when someone sees their wife for the first time!❤JAMIE IS A FORMER HUMAN BEING, AND NOW SHE IS A HUMNOID, AND THAT IS A FACT! i AM STILL ALL ABOUT HOW TO USE THIS AS A MURDER WEAPON! THERE IS ABSOLUTELY GREAT JUSTICE IN CAUSING THESE BIONIC BODY PARTS TO BECOME MURDER WEAPONS, AND I HOPE THAT THESE DOCTORS DO GET THERE CARS FIRE BOMBED BY PEOPLE WHO WILL WANT TO STOP THIS DEHUMANISATION THAT HAS NO PLACE IN ANY CIVILISATION!THERE IS AN OBLIGATION FOR SOMEONE TO FIGURE OUT JUST HOW THESE BIONIC BODY PARTS ARE TO BE TAPPED INTO SO THAT THESE BIONIC BODY PARTS WILL USED AS MURDER WEAPON, AND THE WAY IT WILL BE DONE IS BY ELECTROCUTION! YES I AM TALKING ABOUT PEOPLE BEING ABLE TO HACK INTO THESE DEVICES TO CAUSE SOMEONE TO GET ELECTROCUTED BY A WIRELESS HANDHELD REMOTE CONTROL DEVICE THAT IS ABLE TO CARRIED AROUND IN SOMEONE'S POCKET!CyberneticsGood technology put to bad use, those old pricks are dead in 5-10 years anyway what a wasteHi tomo nooseHoly shit that spine Electrode thing is pretty cool, but the eye thing and Muhammad's new ugh... kinda grossed me out (even tho eye surgeons are super careful and are enhanced with microscope cameras and what not I would not like to be the one going under for that especially being a sort of human guinea pig.) but still cool that blind man can see.. also the artificial nerve arm! wow! Medical treatment and artifical limb has had some amazing breakthroughs too bad my stomach gets queezy when I even thing about that stuff
.....I thought the title meant U.K. Government made people blind to test the bionic eyesLook sir droidsNo! No! NO! No there will be no robots fuck thatThank you scienceThe most high needs to speed up this time so we can put these wicked ass demons aka the white race into slavery.What a great start for 2017What do you mean by "partial vision" though?also, it must've been embarrassing for that guy to say to his girlfreind,  sorry baby, I can't fuck you, I don't have a penis!crazyim more interested in the human head transplantnice.scott sterling could use a bionic nose...or twothat's awesomethis video was posted so fucking late p.s no hatewe're making some amazing things these days, just goes up from here.wonder how fast the image transmits to the eye or if its delayedI can't see by the left eye 
can you help me watching throw it? pleaseMrs Hohls!!!is this realGood times we live in. :)Please God help blind people see. Scientists and doctors are God to help human community thank you...... I have 2 patients on retinitis pigmentosa in my wife's family both of them are sister's.i am so happy right nowFeel wearing glasses, u mean?Iam using contact lens minus 24 and 21Ooh for me it's no problem.. just keep clean ur contact lens.. and put it out when u sleepingWhat's ur prescription?Wish you the best of luck 2nd comment.:) god bless the people that did thisI found the same thing with contacts, the semi-soft contacts seemed to work better for my condition. Just as you said it does take time for your eye or eyes to adjust to them kinda like waiting for your eye lids to build up a tolerance or callus. Take care K8quantos graus tem os seus óculos?voce sofreu bulying na escola?.. it seems really informative, but is it from the 90's?did the tony stark there i am just i get a to meet not a fan of superheroes i wish i was that kid acted a times than how most teenagers would have reacted even some grown fist pump when calls him iron also amazing how knew right away to shake with his left hand marvel that tony stark has a is such a nice guy simply awesome this is what celebrity really means should be used all over the world this is the coolest thing ever this was really s well done tony thank you so very much you such such a done stark wow i have a arm either thank you can you adjust the settings gaming after watching this i need to cut my arm can you crush a s skull with it can you the rocket with that i always wondered how those things work i cant wait the day we get like the ones from the sci movies i wanna this takes out i wonder they can get it quieter the is the most intimidating thing about it its so cool looks pretty to be a dick how does he wash his hands that is fucking bad i lose arm i m getting one of these venom snake years fly punching some i want to cut my arm off so that i can have this they just need to add i want hand like u how much it will be is that of a small group of bankers wage war the last years we can t seem to this out yet we rejoice when we see a vet with a bionic leg who most likely killed of women children the sake of a handful of billionaires a who lost her leg when our own government destroyed it blamed it terrorists we go hey we re making progress anyone else waiting to go off next to him he just falls to the m in says bionics make feel heavy so ease should we all become cyborgs upload our minds to computers t you mean a call to feel like this ll end badly p s it he s a t listen to him is trying to take over can only pray this opportunity in my life yes i m crying because this is the first time i have heard someone say that we not broken the tech is what is broken thank you renewing my hope dreams of being thought had hair get it leg would love to have bionic to go from to i had bionic i would big feet go to the because you know what the say about with big feet just still my concern about exoskeletons is a one would our bodies not atrophy from the when we took them off would our bodies not look malformed shrunken i would not wear said bionics they would to lose my bodily form how can one be intimate with their partner when covered in other than these they look great food thought there will be a when those with will surpass the ability of natural limbs that will be some strange envy great guy who amazing wow that was really cool i m thinking of getting into is i thought she said she went sucked dick looks like something straight out of mirrors edge more expensive than your whole life i m saying is when these strong precise real arms i m getting a machete becoming the winter soldier hey everyone what you doing here is absolutely amazing my father lost his arm years in a work during that time he has had they never seemed to work he has a bionic he has never tried where can i begin enquiring applying a bionic arm my father this would be life changing him thank you making a difference i m student from i t follow how you give feedback to about the prosthetic limb fingers it s kind of mechanically feedback electrically feedback not both some one explain please thank you i am so glad the those people i can t even it i m about to chop off my left arm just this finally real just make that you never windows you t have to worry about a same bro i mean wow we way more smart than i thought a freaking lost her arm to a fucking raccoon that is so unfair so those the prosthetic hands used by would never willingly my limbs with fucking save this the people who actually need it amputees well my nephews will now about it til then time to go find a re a legend in the eyes of those who live the battlefield that s why you have to handle this yourself that years behind you rebuild that private army of yours one more time now go the legend come back to life can i have a bionic penis that i wonder we can detect electricity in the nerves can we not each nerve connect it to a motherboard move that wars the hardest of the is the d printed bionic arm i m sorry the whole thing is the prosthetic there is other of the to what he needs a cool looking arm not something he t luck s all right his name is a he s a i need it too i lost my left arm in bike is he drugs it s says in the these spoilers so shut up about it what s s last they harden in response to physical punished so cool i lost my left eye a few years ago i would love augmented eye that snake that is was not your fault i see people too to just to impress people to look cool wow this is nice i believe he should have got liquid well played you nearly died which one would you die be disabled punished venom now we just need the motors to be better so it feels more my bum add a sub t i buy this please does this bionic arm has the same bug the real one can t bend your middle finger without keeping two straight project made because wants beat dick friend idiotic game doom element hell yeah i would take am actually considering when i got enough money a lifestyle to just get a robotic arm my left preferably to it with my strong right arm even though i still have both arms i bet you by the year i will be fully a it s so cool you get suffer from a disability since i was born i have not upper left hand limb i think this hand will work so how can i get this hand how much does it cost is there a way to incorporate this into a glove a quadriplegic c you have a bionic arm only the arm will you be able to workout with that arm will the upper arm still stay i wanna cut off my arm so i could by this bionic optics limbs yes please was my program a kid i m glad the real technology is starting to get there the real is who the asking a game developer they sell the arm we live in the we live here now with some sweet new technology great guys can i have the please i am working a hand a with sensor from i only need the want a hand from black ops they make it move like a human arm hand then there s better cyborg of bionics is beautiful even the possibilities a really great the only thing i would regulate is that all bionics must stay upfront not covered up by a synthetic skin to be honest you could get arms with stuff like that it would be worth not swimming again you would be cool is u can have one of these when u lose your entire hand can control them at free will through the mind lets still hope we lose our hands anyways out of not bad looks like something from inspector this is so moving emotional i start crying the i thought how this woman felt that the she can walk again naturally finally become real never expect it will become great this i hope he will make bionic arm with same quality asap my eyes sweating after saw the last video the dance one guessed subway baby kids in a play ground vehicle driving through a please upload a video how big is how big is planet com planet com i got i love all of your videos by this one my emotions the most i watched the video of c ash to know about you i am saying that you r the best i ever seen not only bionics amazing people i think it s also the only way human will be able to space travel new planets skeleton bionic to weak human tissues one of my videos thank you thank you this the chip i find to be the most amazing i never knew it existed that video is a in a i did a better than myself dam there missing to create fully automatic we got everything visual predictions sound recognition touch recognition fully automatic movements not all its done know too edgy watched the bionic limp talk quite some time ago i just love your presentation of topics your to our further education i must say the last one it truly amazing i got a little teary thinking what this can so many people the trainer at my team so i know this can help many people i never asked this with all these upgrades you never stood a when you found a new the new fashion comes out from the craze to bionic poor black people cool cybernetic enhancements the pioneer his name is fucking help he looks like villain that someday will say age of biological is over time to walk in how did i get this in what is the cost how until rocket i just wanna buy my student it really kills seeing him with one you want to tear off your limb the scene is up it s amazing regardless soon will take over we need to go back this is amazing i m speechless this is the only time i am glad the military has the money to throw around that it does sometimes it ends up in helping create these marvels when you invest your hard earned suddenly your why would you spoil the twist heck i had prosthetic limbs want them to look high tech artificial m disable person i want this artificial leg who can give god bless you it very much a great of making a better of humankind he never asked did ask this d ask them to make terminator limbs increase the strength so i could crush everything in apple cost in last year my cost see it would be you guys work prosthetic palm now you need to make it run off your bodies own electrical system need of he made himself tall heroes of this world resistance is will be disability you rich yes the cost of one of the limbs such that shown in the video is how many people in the alone the world can afford that learn to take care of the ones given to you free by mother unfortunately the that within your purchasing still not biological limbs cant wait until we have mechanical body that give superhuman you have a hookup prosthetic liners sleeves a suction socket his look better than i m not kidding it t look so weird when you took the off i d opt out come his prosthetic leg his feet look likes some having a bionic order to what they re aiming that s the human evolution i have to remind you all that those made in countries where kids forced to work in order to eat some i think the next in human evolution to grown in the to feed hundred of several people in countries people from surely is not affected with it you look beyond you ll see the misery of others countries he s one of the guys with the special eyes look at with your special eyes arms ever watch bicentennial reference in the link said augment t anybody watched doctor who this never ends well now have this strange to play thought he said beans of fear i want to be able to turn i would happily have prosthetic limbs is i lost my limbs i will keep i p headphone would be more like the in terms of physical what i worry about is that everything will be leased instead of bought companies already doing about touching feeling a only after a hundred thousand can i get a of iron implanted into my the technology ever exists it won t be to keep controlled there will just be black market headphone is how you get wince i want one i m not i would want to permanently lose entire arm that also raises the which would i donate to i would probably dump the right mostly because i m a lefty never asked d feel like shit i ended up like the protagonist in black ops i ll just walk around with when tech advances to get powerful t it funny how his name is johnny in johnny a decade all bullshit aside that is really impressive i m not even being sarcastic where we will be in another years the beauty of is incredible eventually will make terminator look pathetic is pioneering work i bet in the it will work with a chip that then transmits with the brain directly to really give proper feedback you re a legend in the eyes of those who live the battlefield that s why you have to handle this yourself those years behind you now go the legend come back to life all needs to he is the link trainer of simulators past the device not yet to modern day m not wan now time to cut my arm a new iron hand off everyone it can be to glass of so cool awesome this is the soon he s gonna have s cybernetic have the technology a real step forward definitely amazing i am from new other then archaic arm a hook nothing else is available through months ago my left arm was amputated just bellow the elbow i can t wait to get one of open bionics d printed bionic limbs you know how before they officially the market cant wait to make order keep up the good work black ops not really in bloody can you flip the bird s dream is finally becoming a reality i t be happier i t have any of disability i m glad that the world is progressing baby human revolution sh t i need this arm they look cool can someone chop my hand vi have that kind of disability not upper left limb is there anyway that i can get this bionic hand how much does it cost i wanna buy this is it i want to know the name of this company website price i need some be a good idea to practice a first joking aside it really might be a good idea its amazing to see how fast technology is moving forth my to a company of new that t tell bullshit when is saying we changing things real the better hurry up need to be the real life be willing to loose arm a bionic gonna go cut off my arm bionics great work good people some of them they t have a hand they the pinkie a um bra o e pr wow that hurts i cut my arm to get a bionic arm now my arm cannot be destroyed reminds of that scene in the beginning of dang yo that s i would her she is beautiful it s incredible how women can get away with any by just becoming models leg model prosthetic arm model advanced spectrum autism model fire model that s not a given to who just have to deal with a shit life period she first says its quite people always think this is mind controlled something nah its just two censors then she goes this is cutting edge among the best tech earth we ll get to a in the where we chop of our arms purposely so we can get a bionic one then we ll get to a where our whole body is bionic besides our brain babe hell yeah she t ask is hot this is good technology technology creates unemployment takes away is coming to a where is a reality we getting closer to the cybernetics i can say is lovely video made its we have brain neural system controlled its is really a role model very term is most expensive not most gives hope helps to diminish my s the first guy to get a from a i never asked this definitely you can create a bionic arm that works like a natural arm in got new functions why would i want to keep my limited biological arm i mean senses of touch heat up to a amount arm movement control good a human arm so you t feel any difference then also finally able to move the wrist a fast screw driving movement move your fingers times faster precise more powerful i t see why we t those limited biological limps bitch should we make it better yes what you saying can you the you d get i saw someone with one of this i d definitely go out of my way to say how cool it is i just keep thinking of alchemist i like was also born without a right hand this looks really cool i t think i ll pursue getting a prosthetic until i can actually control the thing like a real hand i had less advanced ones that you also control with the electrodes like this one it just feels too limiting there s basically just off opening closing there s control it feels like having a block of wood strapped to your arm just punching that bully kid in school in the with that words why they make a glove with electric reading electric signals repeating the movement of the hand i mean where is i forgot to my arm i guess i will have to everything with one hand today still t like the idea of having a manually adjusted this is the right there were already in the why can we create robotic arms that look like human arms can t make a good bionic limb that fits a human you can have this bionic hand at the low low price of your other arm damn she s is perfectly nobody has any right to tell anyone that they cannot upgrade their own body they so choose it s funny how she asked she wants one that is brain controlled showed the arm which is literally controlled the same way that is you got will the prosthetic hes it also joke a know jack about is it a nerve mussel brain malfunction which is better touch bionic be bionic out my new book how to become famous by attaching garbage to your arms to since human arm got so many in its of also our brain sends very convoluted our arms to move so that electrode hat should be extremely high tech lastly his brain is damaged to stroke then what kind of signals he is sending firstly i d like to know why you deleted my i made a week ago this thread why did you that so i ll say it again i can t believe nobody has mentioned the astounding obvious problem with this story he could only one arm hand after the how the hell did he manage to construct a bionic arm of such complexity using just one hand t blank believe everything you see in the news people they bullshit all the time stories ratings its really sad to see rt falling this cheap hoax some of the junk from medical oxygen delivery reason at all left red is some kind of video recording device camera card slot green device is probably a toy with a power supply a small controller a crystal makes sense in any bionic arm a mouse with some led s yes optical mouse with the camera fake pneumatic looking devices which sound at all p motors without power supply control wires even sense feedback mechanism stepper motor apparently runs with just two wires that s just hilarious again the feedback not used we not even talking here these were the glaring ones now i start about the sensing analysis its going to get messy s start with the sensor its supposed to turn the blue led s when it receives a brain wave apparently it has conditioning per amplifiers any of the required precise electronics to any of that its technically to modify that to read brain waves its just not going to work moreover the processing needs much more processing than shown i mean orders of magnitude higher than shown here in terms the arm is a much more complex thing than people seem to believe is damn hard even we of the assumption is not true anyway that the brain signals read somehow the motors pneumatic system is just fake it cannot work any such system needs a closed loop to work feedback the device would go haywire its simply how it works stepper motors have two of coils at a need wires to be driven wires shown in the video won t can t work what two cameras the mouse the back is doing is just baffling last not the least pneumatic system without a working pump yes it sounds of it the saddest thing is to see that anyone in is not able to call it a hoax the website states he claims the is controlled by brain signals have cast doubts upon it i mean just doubts what kind of these who cannot call out a hoax its that true come visit looks like something from mad this is obviously just a toy not a bionic exoskeleton looks more like a welding tool to not a bionic arm more of a enhancement like everyone else i have serious doubts about this being legit while we had this kind of technology years now i highly doubt in a world country like a mechanic could just together something like this with only scrap still interesting it is legit it s nice to see a person doing bio hacking to the extreme compared to the people who just magnets microchips under their skin not buying sorry that is not a bionic arm nor is he from a stroke he was that meant the brain cells that control that specific area is dead thus programming would be able to detect him trying to move his arm to it being he also t have gears his shoulder actuators his hand so he still has movement in those area he flicked his wrist back into the glove thing so that furthers the how people so gullible it looks more like a skeleton a weak arm this is the kind of person i would welcome with open arms in my country well here s the by which human s brain controls org wiki so the of sensor he puts his head is weird secondly intrusive brain computer like electrodes needs watery to improve its conductivity better a proper shaving of hair sometimes necessary i t see him doing so yeah i know some research teams like have made dry electrodes that cost a of even so the is always noisy i t think it could act so precisely he showed in furthermore i t think the motor powering system in this could his arm it is human bodies heavy than your what a spectacular piece of artwork posted by someone else needs repeating i can t be this is fake i had to bet my money i d definitely say it is among many other things that thing read signals from his brain using electrodes in his the logic boards exposed to the elements yeah right someone sneezes behind him the arm goes useless again so the guy builds a bionic arm works a welder i mean it this way the guy creates a board it s with all the integrated inevitably array logic microprocessors with all the required systems knowledge electronics programming microprocessors that alone the guys is a not just any assembly a engineer with advanced electricity knowledge uh uh then the guy needs to be a mechanical engineer well with advanced knowledge about torque energy transfers loss which require a of physics knowledge so many other things this guy needs to be a pro being that level of genius he leaves the boards exposed works a welder when his knowledge would require a mere mortal to spend years locked in a library studying h day to learn it i am not exaggerating advanced electricity knowledge advanced programming advanced physics mechanical engineer engineer architect before you start attacking i want to believe the guy really did that i just can t you ask the guy just happens to be a post apocalyptic games fan am i can tell you that is really true he had stroke his left arm was dead so he that robotic arm with something like detector to control i know how it can be work i saw when i meet him really work his arm really dead is this the real life arm from mad a real story this made hand by his own his from good this is fucking what technology can a huge to its inventors human arm the is to get the technology to the level of a human limb they reach that the is to better than our natural limbs i t have to be assimilated give a of bionic prostheses casual another special good video it could you could have better between hey i will gladly trade you cut off your left arm leg them ice e when you have done so i will send you my address by the way my left arm is below the elbow my left leg is below the knee they were lost from in last year make it snappy i would like to have limbs again ungrateful fuck i wanted to see the rest of the last one oi wish i were this lucky to be android stuck being a one person had all of so good thing i want to have it my father how can i you the problem is that my father can not walk people saying that bionic limbs advancing slowly this is some shit right here you your time energy you started to work with above the knee amputees yet new knee those with above the knee amputee also please t ever give up too thank you the kid in the last one i remember seeing in another video he is vet who lost his arms in what made angry about that was the fact that people where mocking him saying things like he deserves what he gets in the that kid has something that some people rarely have that is hope i him that i know that people can be real bastards some times when i read the to that video the only thing i could think of is fuck some he was in a shitty desert fighting a shitty war defending the same bastards who have the gall to disrespect him my guess is you were to to take these same bastards these so called keyboard warriors out of their little a in their hands them in that same shitty desert so they can get shot at i m pretty they t be so tough shit they might get dust all over the trigger not to piss shit in their pants they never asked you fucking awesome shut the fuck up t say that of shit just because you watch one too many sci losing any of your body is painful it sucks in way is fun awesome you t get looks of awe fucking sympathy something you t need you treated like a freak they t say it out loud they just sympathy shit matter how well you able to function all these things require upkeep this t even mentioning the psychological effects to all the scientists helping people walk hold run see again this is the best of enhancing lives instead of destroying last just blew my mind this is technology this is progress when the disabled people of our society used to be a burden now they the pioneers of a better brighter makes petty the people that still believe old stone age myths take it reality this is our reality its way more beautiful then those old myths this is ten i never asked this just kidding i did they re not too away i been hearing this said a time in she already throwing shade at time ago i saw ad that had to with the that prosthetic limbs would ruin the world has anyone ever seen this t there that feel touch now i heard something about ops t they cells to grow skin then overlay that the prosthetic reconnect nerve have this cut my hand i think it may be infected so hoping they ll have to amputate my hand in the i ll be able to a robotic arm i swear my damn right is cut off get a damn reaper mini gun my m sorry i d rather be human its always state of the cutting edge is cute may i please reiterate this whoa holy looks like some has a little little of the herpes can anyone say one step closer to iron she reminds of s sister not so away she means years time to hit up a limb this was not ago this is amazing should be so proud of you borrowing you t y n y n cant believe this only has views this is the goddamn people wars shit in real life what a time to be alive combining this technology with john robotic arm will produce a truly near human capability people that lost their upper limb i can not help think about people who lost there limbs in think of who want to get willing prosthesis when the technology gets better than can t believe nobody clapped at this maybe i m biased because i toyed with of controlled it blows my mind that the t even care when they guy said he year amputee was able to feel another person touching his hand i wonder the neural network is so integrated to allow electrical currents to travel easily does that mean the can feed off the body s bio energy instead of relying external chargers like perish the the thought your right arm gets god forbid hosed there s hope thanks sharing way to go babe so very cool i am a bk in south of yrs to thank you your work sharing is immensely cool very good you did not focus the actual prosthesis itself which is very the prosthesis has limited functionality so to will the stronger could be achieved less could occur the cable had less resistance wonderful ladies would you care to tackle the of helping my toes using neural networks mind over matter we could get a leg up the competition we work together i d be a good it s time to hit the ground running diving gymnastics too years too without improvements despite gait bring the optimism find a of high heels please open wall a handstand ghost in the shell com revolution x i would like to see the engineers medical involved in this research to be very very very honest about how much the bionic arms upon mechanical how much the bionic arms actually interacting with the nervous system of the amputee i find it highly unlikely that the nervous system is involved a human nervous system is hardly of generating sufficient electrical to power the movements of a mechanical device however we know of s current fraud concerning brain waves between is using wireless electricity to translate the movement of mechanical arms to human arms fun to watch in the end nothing more than a childish game from personal experience electricity directed to a microchip implanted within the human body say a chip at the of the spine in the wrist even a chip installed at the of the spine which is then used to receive electrical to movement of limbs results in soft tissue degeneration extreme susceptibility to death by staph the ability of the dermal to off the outside degrades disappears my i resent fraud committed by those who portray themselves highly qualified mankind divided bionic arm order edition racists pushed the thumb down all they need is to it have something similar in development technological advancement the ankle collar i actually have goosebumps after watching this absolutely fantastic shall henceforth buy all their games in of this this advertising is this real i can t tell it begins it s nice that their doing this perhaps it will be world open bionics is the real life s just hope that years down the line things brighter him than shown in hr this is seriously amazing the might be one day we t need to send soldiers we can control from a with sensors with some of our head sup playing video games we can go in real war not die technology is truly amazing thing the possibilities endless the with the booty is cool how can i a time to cute my arm exactly is contributing will i need to one of these so hyped going to that why this game have been to help you with these amazing arms people who lose his own very amazing i like this thing to help people sorry bad level of technology is impressive however people the companies behind these must take great care in how the perceive implement them to be clear there two very very lines that must never be crossed st only individuals born without limbs those who lost limbs to will be eligible this tech to insure that healthy people with complete fully functional limbs can t run to the nearest chop shop to willingly mutilate themselves just to get access to them military interests must not be allowed to policy regarding these devices keeping in mind that these replacement limbs meant only to missing limbs not to be deployed in advanced warfare projects these lines must not be crossed else the subject matter of this game could indeed become reality now you just need to some black over it we re all good bless sir my great we have such brilliant technical minds hell the were the first to smelt ore a i saw that cat weird true freaky of kitty has magic now i m all equality we really need to give a cat bionic the mice now what s next x ray eyes dogs so glad got his back now it s time of flanked dual cannons with back mounted launcher so he can take that bastard harvester down so you would this sad little kitty down got cats they would this in it was necessary i would help my cats just like this starving could have eaten that cat is augmented wow awesome i want to see more of in love the work just think whats to come curves that spring just like cats feet shit i need to call this guy my wife i adopted a cat from her work cat hospital basically had been hit by a a kitten its right leg is bent at a degree permanently stuck that way her back right is locked straight permanently they tried the back leg she broke the it done more harm than good to remove of technology they lives well done hell can humanity be beautiful when they not busy killing each alchemists fascinating great story great reality great work great we can map how touch works we can have bionics that like real hands maybe even organs because what is a bionic heart that cant tell u that its getting weak blood flow convincing the to go it out its like having error your computer it still works you felt something you would fix the that my god its metal can become reality walking up that with his new leg was fucking amazing whats melody in i have also prosthetic leg i am old how its to be testing your company i am from here is a with good prosthetic limps thanks answer a nice day groundbreaking technology sounds very interesting how much that s it now i m so over the of my life i ll see in flesh steel just recently become amputee amazed by your technological advances to help improve the lives of amputees by means am i rich is this something affordable to the general i like the up down the stairs there is a problem with his gait i can walk a smoother than that with the prosthetic i have now i can see they have the right idea they not mastered it yeti c u did this available to below the knee amputees i am very interested have great insurance please reply with who whom i need to regarding info they would get way more advertising they build some of these he just needs to get out of jail first this accomplishment is actually incredible just a to modern day technology the ability to rehabilitate this using electronics is inconceivably brilliant the benefits it must bring him why though subtitles so illiterate is a s rad all comments welcome please feel free to post share like subscribe it is appreciated thanks stopping by enjoy your journey this blue that s really good bionic arm you d squeeze too hard by will then be looking a bionic dick can these bionic arms move heavier weights than they never ask enough these new that one bitch all she said was i t know this is creepy really cool she has to fill that role she s a female news personality this is fucking amazing because this is just early like the first laptop something wait see what they have in a of years they ll be fully functional with awesome military with military they could have cell built in security access to your it s a good time to need a prosthetic you have the did shit not trying to be insensitive anything i would so give up my arm even just to might sound crazy here i think some of the same technology used in this bionic arm could be used to help achieve drive virtual reality technology like you ever seen this called sword online in it in the near this new virtual reality headset gaming gear called nerve gear comes out its a virtual reality headset that allows you to play games in a virtual reality dream state where you can run around play fight fell touch smell in your game without having to wear all that gear without having to a controller you would control your with your brain with technology like this the rapid development in virtual reality technology the rapid speed at which computer technology is advancing at i think where only another decade two away from achieving a drive dream state virtual reality headset some of technology like it of like the nerve gear only a few decades like from something like the matrix it s almost like from shut up they my idea can he off with god bless you with all the you need i really hope this technology keeps upgrading keeps advancing it t fate it was a god guy says that his leg feel perform better than the real thing he actually think it is better than the way god made him is so call feet ever got wet it might out up how silly i am amaze at peoples stupidity these days this is amazing it looks like a beautiful i hope to live to see the day in that have something the people that lose a hand the lost of a arm a leg t be the end of the live truly s going to happen we have a solar flare power wipe out people hearts will how can i get it pleas soon have the anti protest it goes against god get interesting x hat off to you i been doing my own study too i try to find a way the make a person with missing limb to feel again with mechanical limb bio limb still need a of study to agreed i was all with them then that last line made sick can t watch polar bear hugging ad again makes cry wicked i m very inspired by this new series someone with a prosthetic limb volunteers to go back duty that s their call there was a famous ii he lost both his still managed to get back into the fight when he convinced the he could still fly a fighter look him up this tunes gosh this made laugh this is the best game is this even i want a pickles arm awesome pickle tickle my funny handicapped prick t forget muslin it cost a shit of money right it s useless to the average person with a low can t wait a hacker to the wireless dance mother f er in another years we might actually be using quadriplegics cyborg m e c troopers bionic sheep did anyone learn anything from spider guess the in holy shit advance warfare crap right seen robotics so i know how this will like spacey might just become a i like to my window lick off the hawking has some hope left the end of the world i upon all hail hot inventors to talk about it at my high school this is honestly amazing what u wanted to boss you would hold yourself back now you can blame it spine we getting closer to is finally doing something that s actually useful it s impressive a quadriplegic myself this sounds great i feel tech like this will be able to be hijacked by the evil who setting up the beasts where they can take control over people with cybernetic bionic other did they cripple the sheep with hammers when this doctor it s looks really fantastic the hand the is the that first from years old maker winner of the d competition in turkey have wants to have from company maybe someday i ll have hello i was recently in a crash would like everyone to hear my story donate share it please visit my at com thanks so such good news very cool i know the first is the military that would find this interesting the first people will need that well although i t know anyone that has amputee i m they would love something like this that really feels like arm leg rather than a mechanical bloody time better still get our they won t be losing limbs good reason in the first how about stopping imperialism instead then you won t have to make these limbs i hope the country gonna be greedy say you have to be special to get it of people need com videos com videos com videos v c pr would rather sit a wheel its good they making progress it seems that we generations away from something is the is such inspiring i actually drew of him com a think he s destined to be amputee not in a bad way to a bigger humanity that is to push the boundaries of what humans can overcome with such amazing brain innovator a visionary he s giving hope to thousands of leg amputees dear please work the blind too thank you everything you what you going to in a near you really awesome human real life anyone good video cant wait the technology to become cheaper so your average guy could have the operation be able to live a semi life world here we come you guys try headset can by used with despite current the possibilities of this technology others like it is really awesome just like it s kind of still in the doorway knowing they ll keep working it we ll probably get to where we where in where you could fire the of your really sleek fighter simply by thinking in come to think of it already beat to this think that one of these days this could be used brain kinda like a hard drive lets hope we can decode our brain to have layout visual environment within our the having clue the of such level state of of the technology in by this will be so polished it will be just like a sci looks like the they creating a game right now not yet done a sword online like game i will buy so anyone else here because of sword online t work it works when it s not even your head you have dreads you re not getting it to your then when you ship it back a refund they refund of it be very careful when paying where i get one wondering how she s not having seizures when the whole brain is up god damn monster a whole world of people suffering with all of untreated problems all you can think about is using this incredible new technology to develop because of that s what the world needs you pathetic twisted miserable a human being you know the way this is described how to the objects is the same way you your chi to manipulate a z n am back decade next is really could be a program is she using at it is nice to see her smiling she thanks to can what she had been i dare you to make less sense guess you obtained this knowledge from the likes of was it some poorly made video babies should not take this be used to vibrate a diaphragm edit thought powered in the traditional sense seriously why is there edit button yet go back to planet i thought about writing a novel about a who s brain was moved to a after he died was able to the way that i thought about how it would work is exactly how the person was controlling the in this video i was totally guessing that is awesome it is nice to see her in mind that this thought powered in the sense traditional sense the chip that is implanted into the brain is actually picking up the signals from the brain that would in a healthy person go to move the arm it is then sending this signals to the computer which is then moving the robotic arm example take how her hand arm moves a little the robotic arm is moving wait why well your god such a sadistic psychopathic deranged bastard would making people sick disabled then this evil technology need to exist what about hawking his upper motor damaged too would this technology work him i wonder is it to make external memory that the brain can get from like the real memory that a human to many years this make smile too sometimes we think of how lucky can we be typing this text well its been five years hows it going wow that s a good i am either there s a whole of that focuses materials that won t won t be treated ad foreign by the body you interested that s why engineers often work a team you ll rarely see a team of engineers it s example materials electrical computer team the device is silicon with small metal electrode at the tip yes there can be a foreign body response that effects the utility of some of the many device tips over extended periods of time the devices commercially available at website hi you a grammar so why sorry i really t see the tone he made it i think even you thought he was i disagree with you here why would it matter who cares he s his team can the world there plenty of smart maids all of this is to address a broad of neural diseases injury inadequacy why should the first superhuman earth by a synthetic injured person why not several generations of bootstrapping who then redirect their into computer you saying spinal cord injury victims deserve this technology more than disabled people i m some not all of those victims were in a they themselves in drunk daredevils soldiers you re born with disability this with a blood powered cell video it would be awesome this guy made something that could read brain controls fast because hawking could finally communicate well at all a so person like him who can t speak well years would love starting to become available this year so you speak sufferers the dislike must have been reeves since they t this technology before he of brain to motor function not requiring organic mediums is absolutely incredible what i want to know is when it will be practically available you re quick to jump to why you so aggressive i t get why he kept doing the one of my professor s is a student of s this also be grate live pron that having a chip with metal implanted in your brain specially to the fact that the metal might become causing hey what the hell i know all these damn references seriously new kids i swear it s all about hack amazing how can ideas already in experimentation to be more popular cool needs a less creepy headset the one in the video looks like it might be able to control the human brain not the other way around so that needs i want one how expensive is this few steps away from just add control we got it pretty much just rift with it how did you it so well i have spent hours the i can t get it to reliably more than different pairing this up with rift playing games like battlefield with the days of smashing the keyboard mouse gaming online incoming would own in arenas add treadmill one of those eye tracking headsets a first person view it s really all knows i love i wan play until i die you it with hart wave it with video we have the same sir you have a reference tutorial to make a game like that you make this i have my school project i hope you can provide a complete tutorial how to make this out to rift welcome to that is great bro symbiotic soul control someone say fake did someone say tech noose hangs with a computer does pay their employees with tips does this guy really come into work at looking like complete garbage this is totally to their official news tech news tech news tech those a cannot simply just buy the you t have the f in only afford a homeless guy eh is turning into some was looking good until i found out it has headphone jack i guess they copying the s flaws well brainstorm movie now a a controlled with the brain nodes frequency modulated wire loops designed to produce magnetic fields of modulated field intensity size i everyone reading this is familiar with magnetic to the mathematical of this we can the involving to predict the spikes in energy that form bands in the magnetic field produced these principles we can then take advantage of the principles of cancellation when such modulated fields produced to increase decrease the the passing through the neurons in the regions of overlap similarly we also able to predict the skew such signals will in nearby nodes also in fixed this would allow resolution of groups of neurons well of existing neural firing between intersecting troughs in the wave patterns this is merely a refinement of the low resolution proof of performed by later replicated by others at the university of to the necessity of fixed reliably calculating overlapping cancellation of the electromagnetic fields within the brain linked to the particular effects of cellular the field produced by it s cell body of magnetic loops would be ideal however the shifting of the brain within the skull would ultimately necessitate the of algorithms interpreting the shape of the field perceived by nodes regardless in order to have a meaningful map which to project magnetic this would allow a high amount of resolution with limited of relatively lower individual intensity with exponential in resolution each interacting magnetic node influencing a region from this it becomes a matter of rather than similarly this relationship between cell combined with spikes from upon the emf electromagnetic field of the individual neurons is also by its a product of these patters of cancellation operating from this model the intensity in the fields perceived must also according to our current understanding of the emf fields involved carry regarding the specific firing activity that may be mathematically reduced the of cancellation their electromagnetic intensity this t old these things we already know am i missing some critical human mind reading made a very revolutionary unpublished discovery the first practical device reading human thoughts human mind reading brain computer discovery is not published i partnership thank you it s official there is the human brain particles like computer placed into harmless bacteria that can pass the blood brain barrier get of these particles into the brain this chicken at first brain controlled a brain to brain be done through house my brain thinks of stuff i want to know the person has activity there certainly a of possibilities the proper would have to progress tremendously before this could accurately recreate our dreams to really make anything meaningful out of them so it seems the technology works better with better focus dreams the other hand notoriously incoherent it would be amazing they could get a reasonable interpretation from a person s dream that s likely much further down the line it s even to achieve to hand in assignment it great video more than love how the two comments the same nice now i know this is supposed to be all serious you think the from a could be a possibility this kind of thing go watch sword online you will know what i m talking o my when comments the years ago such a headset would cost to the which is way less sophisticated the biggest advance with the is not really the technology itself this has been available a while it s making it finally available to the at read the novel by the definition being in a kinda suck wish they would had added some kind of more way to define custom into the the idea the arrows to mind control in humanoid robotics did copy my idea to move the cursor of the mouse in the computer were now watch this you the squared screen with augmented reality in your cell eye glasses then you will be able to more i have even more ideas to implement this is later you can watch my website with the most complete humanoid list in the world in the mean time vitality sensor take that vitality sensor take that game have progressed in a very a high level ten years so you think about it we really in a fast pace in techs so a from now how we going to live better techs androids maybe this technology can recreate your own dreams make it a game anything just think about it what ever the hell you want to about it example flying create to a city with powers create hot women of nothing is i hate comments people practice this enough it would be sweet to actually bring the into reality like the to actually move stuff in reality it s one really gives a shit about thumbs up its just people making accounts thumbing up themselves that s a freaking beam to that shark s head can we also motor imagery different using this open board i e mapping say to control a prosthesis when i think of controlling one would like a word with you big hero mind controlled things can be real everyone s go to d printed hand is the just say monitor you numb nuts they not you twits they sexless cool is hell weird they their teeth when happy i want a mentally controlled army of spiders i m a web developer i need some way to with my brain instead of using my fingers does anyone know of a product that does that like pacific rim pilots working together to pilot a this is the beginning of you t understand this this is from game theory now i am thinking of a flying shark with attached to it being controlled by a guy in a military copter iron could come that boring till someone learns how to incorporate it into porn somehow uh hmm i am pretty the was something you ran from in fear in trek not these nerds make it it is a shortcut to abilities that we have had until our masters screwed with our so you want to live in a be a elite go it otherwise grasshopper we can will attain our gifts again that is we can our consciousness with our technology take a step back techno a fucking scam provide please i really need this wow can t wait the other videos i am using a it won t connect can someone help i got a brainwave headset from my project i am gonna watch learn from yours a i want this so much not available here in euro import from can i send using a connected to the headset can u tell how to make a did anyone else see the instead of you think would it be to just get a head a receiver to communicate there will be some coding to from where did u buy how is this you literally bought more y what did you the mind we will be thinking about something then is going to duck it up send it across the planet to everyone in a streaming movie of language of the world the alchemist john smith i think this technology is more people who lack the ability to with their hands your valid i not believe this is a product s going to really love this spying people s mind the majority of need this there too many bad things the will with this to allow it opens up a s of privacy legislative nightmares remember how quickly glass became illegal most countries this is likely to see the same fate with the odd err the reason we t see our is most of work you only your mum when you re driving you re making some pretty bad life choices then again she said it more than family in her fuck motherly persona is so disarming huge found this video really interesting i m developing a way of telepathically knowing your own mind getting closer to transferring across to someone else without wires nodes i m finding the need connection like the skin i m driven by the unknown of blindly guessing the of technology this would be such a learning curve something that will probably be left to the next generation who will grow up with it be able to learn it much easier makes you amazed that one day we may be penalised by our children still using generic so i have a the will from looking down at our so much won t this new technology mean we still be accessing all the same info just internally still effectively switching off from our immediate surroundings example i was in telepathy messenger with a friend the other side of the planet t i seem completely unfocused to other people who right next to right i like this all humankind skin hearing hmm interesting will we get a new of music called story is better medium than speech in capturing the fullness of a thought well is fucking scary they already took our privacy now they want to take our free will by trying to control our thoughts has gone to fucking i bet our smart already reading our minds technology has reached a dangerous level it s in the hands of psychopaths this makes intensely is piece of s work starts fast deep u re afraid is a feeling feelings from god everything else from humans worse we have right to read the thoughts bitch that electrode in your you can we purchase the game please to the concerned re from the very interested one hope all keeps going well i liked your video very much awareness of this technology has to be raised we need to come to agreement using it reasonably with setting safe limits how this is used needs to be open clear carefully watched you your own mind of others i suggest you try what you can to see this done responsibly not lead somewhere unfortunate combination of s owner cloud computing technology i will say we can be a cyborg less than years to by this tool with this device even target individuals can remote your brain waves we hope that more companies in this area appear to make the prices of these products even cheaper keep it going good interesting i believe this to be a this technology can essentially kill a person be used against them mob it is a disgrace to medical ethics i know this is a strange i hope you able to view this i am a victim of illegal experimentation trafficking i have a device called locked in device in my left brain with eye tracker in my left eye i have idea how it got there i not know how to get in with the president a private basis so i am reaching out to you i am a woman owner with dreams a this is causing a limit to those dreams very bad in my head i not know who to call talk to about removal you can call in with someone who will my name is please help this device seem to be used to see through human traffic i discovered this about months ago since have not been able to get any help from people i have contacted please i beg you to give a i know i am not wealthy i have money at all to myself i can barley make ends meet your a very huge with so many i know you maybe busy have to i really need your help i am afraid of this device giving i not know what to this thing was not in my brain my life would be easier i am being monitored i am not a criminal i found this thing could even read the locked in thoughts so it is my mind is being read i am not of this i would not be surprised i am not looking money although i could it i just want this out of my body so i can be again i want to say something she refers to hackers criminal there hackers that good she should consider hiring some nerds her experiment i think it will give some new sight in the combined it was interesting she says um one more time i just might kill myself mind over matter technology mind over matter technology sometimes called mom technology is a branch of technology where the human brain mind is the primary controlling mechanism the operation of all forms of electronic electronics products machinery motor hybrid operated vehicles underwater all other known yet to be invented machinery electronics devices products apparatuses across all example mind over matter technology would totally eliminate the need a computer mouse where all computer operations can be executed simply be thinking about the lists of the computing device would carry out such by reading communicating with the human mind mind over matter technology debuted live the web may was invented by prolific inventor the inventor of the electronic press when he posted a word manifesto his newsgroup that included its name he coined a detailed parameters of what constitutes mom technology several examples of how it works the benefits of using such technology like the elimination of all remote control devices of hands hence making the acknowledged founding father primary exponent of mind over matter technology branch of technology can someone help download from is similar technology is currently being used by some criminal to target civilian victims i am one of many victims nationwide who have been targeted by covert assailants using similar technology unethically to criminally its targeted victims deprive them of sleep hours project their thoughts personal such what they see memories dreams keep them under tress with threats of psychological there many victims nationwide whom have been targeted subjected to technology experiments without their against their will when that is it is a it undermines the that protect our constitutional right to privacy some this technology not to enhance the mind to destroy it a persons life brainwash unwitting citizens to things against their will what legislation protects the from criminal too many gotta go glitch in the nodes frequency modulated wire loops designed to produce magnetic fields of modulated field intensity size i everyone reading this is familiar with magnetic to the mathematical of this we can the involving to predict the spikes in energy that form bands in the magnetic field produced these principles we can then take advantage of the principles of cancellation when such modulated fields produced to increase decrease the the passing through the neurons in the regions of overlap similarly we also able to predict the skew such signals will in nearby nodes also in fixed this would allow resolution of groups of neurons well of existing neural firing between intersecting troughs in the wave patterns this is merely a refinement of the low resolution proof of performed by later replicated by others at the university of to the necessity of fixed reliably calculating overlapping cancellation of the electromagnetic fields within the brain linked to the particular effects of cellular the field produced by it s cell body of magnetic loops would be ideal however the shifting of the brain within the skull would ultimately necessitate the of algorithms interpreting the shape of the field perceived by nodes regardless in order to have a meaningful map which to project magnetic this would allow a high amount of resolution with limited of relatively lower individual intensity with exponential in resolution each interacting magnetic node influencing a region from this it becomes a matter of rather than similarly this relationship between cell combined with spikes from upon the emf electromagnetic field of the individual neurons is also by its a product of these patters of cancellation operating from this model the intensity in the fields perceived must also according to our current understanding of the emf fields involved carry regarding the specific firing activity that may be mathematically reduced the of cancellation their electromagnetic intensity this t old these things we already know am i missing some critical made device reading human thoughts human mind reading brain computer discovery is not published medical purpose neural comatose to link with the waking real world output sensor array might be changing of brain chemistry that might not be safe most boring talk i have ever i never knew that can be made this boring zero to convey present prof thank you the elucidating presentation brain the topic of wireless with the brain will become revolutionary kudos i hope to be around to reflect i remember watching a video by in this very subject loving that white skirt shes technology is cool there is spread awareness this it s someone to pick up this product off the shelf hack into someones brain without any meanwhile they have answers the victim of this where to go what to it just seems helpless there needs more to this problem spread awareness u see this have any answers please a very revolutionary unpublished discovery the first practical device reading human thoughts brain computer my discovery is certainly exceptional revolutionary i can t publish my discovery i partnership thank you very nice info yrs ago developed a computer that could see things through a persons eyes recover memories from a persons brain the computer could also ask the person a tell his reply was truthful not i could i would invent a technology that helps people to think critically with objectivity take your paranoia conspiracy theory somewhere else who cares will keep the technology themselves not i m from i t care will money this moron the more people who can things themselves the more people can work the more tax money goes back into the state dude did you even see the video that this technology can help people with severe disabilities technology can be used badly in wrong hands to suggest that all these scientists all over the world working cutting edge research conspiring against the human a of the sinister does not much objectivity critical thinking your u see the irony in that statement john claims that transcendental meditation can b a key i m really interested in the of this tech being able to read intended movements emotions would be fantastic in a environment it would remove the need tracking recognition tech the only after this is high resolution displays which we have some great contenders now perhaps even some way to safely prevent the movement signals from moving our actual bodies this already occurs when we sleep maybe there s some way to take advantage of that ultimately it d be awesome to control the brain so perfectly that we could whatever we wanted make it see experience anything we wanted like taken from online virtual world from other in that world why develop a when the brain is the greatest processor there is military spy weapon that monitors the brain brain devices victims experience different things depending what the operators at different sometimes the operators will perform quick random hybrid testing here the of i have suffered physically brain a brain reader to spy the victim s thoughts what the victim sees the victim does not feel anything physically hear any sound brain language interpretation system access thoughts inside the brain interpret the sound frequency sounds to the victim those audio pens available in the market not able to the sounds the victim can hear them the sounds not to others the operators a device to control whether not the victim can hear the sounds high frequency buzz with low frequency is caused by the operators controlling the frequency the victim will experience ear swelling a tingling in his her eardrums the victim is still able to hear the buzzing sound buzzing sound usually does not come with high pitched sound there very minor pitch differences to differentiate the buzzing sound e g sound produced by television sand high pitched sound low pitched sound produced by television steady level low frequency silent high low frequencies used to vibrate body mostly to the victim to make him her yield it feels like the one feels when near a the frequency extent of the can be adjusted the frequency must be different from the heart the victim to be able to differentiate it clearly of frequency is aid when the being out it does not mean that the operators transmitting at the same time sometimes the spy will send out single repetitive fast low frequency to the victim felt in the brain chest ears fast frequency may giddiness headache mild feeling of brain blurred tightness in chest breathing difficulty arrhythmia a method that targets the brain area to in of the body target strong fast low frequency buzzing sounds at the brain area hours a day a period of time after months it will fever elevated body temperature headache giddiness every two to three days every time the headache will be at about fingers to the right the left from the middle of the of the head the left side is painful the right side will be numb this is not a symptom there many ways to achieve this high frequency used at the same time it will in the head other of the body concurrently able to hear the between more than two operators low frequency targeted at the heart other of the body sound frequencies buzzing sounds can be operated by two people concurrently used two body is differentiated using speed strong fast low frequency that faster than the heart to the victim to feel chest discomfort difficulty in breathing irregular heart rhythm the victim is walking exercising high frequency must be used to during after exercising the victim will not be able to feel the because his her heart is beating very fast the operators will sound frequency to at frequency the operators will speak at a slower than heart without sound frequency to help with the the victim is able to read the in idle state high frequency used to warn the victim may be divided into the following three methods tingling frequency is the same that used in guns used medical aesthetics purposes burning used organs such the heart it will angina of electric current flowing through quick electric shock feels like being pricked by a needle the electric shock is strong the victim may wake up from sleep with a scare to to see clearly the surroundings of a moving victim the people things the victim has with voice video the victim s thoughts may be used to the victim the victim using edited brain language of the victim after having spies collect recordings of the victim s brain language observing the victim s weaknesses a period of time the victim does not have a firm mind he she will very easily follow the hypnosis thinking that it is his her own thoughts using civilians guinea pigs except when to problems religious reasons buzzing sounds strong static electricity shock tingling from electric shock heart chest tightness headache giddiness mild make people believe that their body is sending out warning signals that what they experiencing caused by external environment physical examinations will nothing what is really is that they being affected by brain the people psychiatrists not well informed the government is hiding the truth shirking its responsibilities agencies withholding such the victims think that the problem with them end up with illnesses when it comes to brain those who not professional psychiatrists those who have not actually experienced it can only refer to the illness symptoms found in books to guess what the person with illness may be having the so called illness is nothing a name decided by the psychiatrist through voting warning individuals from your country may be being monitored with a brain device may have been leaked through a military spy weapon that monitors the brain victim declared the following my experience a victim three years proves that the brain operators able to spy people in mainland china south freely after setting a human target the brain device is able to spy this person hours a day the person being spied i e the victim interacts with other people the brain officers will also be able to read their thoughts freely well feeling that the brain team members who had neglected their duty were using a government device personal purposes i took china airlines pacific flights to different countries to search that were not being spied i did not bring along any laptop electronic devices there were tracking devices my personal hygiene clothes i did not bring along any that belongs to others however throughout the entire flight journey including taking off landing i could hear the brain operators deliberately disclosing spy this is definitely not a form of spying that ordinary pinhole cameras of achieving while sending brain to talking with the brain operators i could tell based my knowledge of the the that they were there were three teams they worked shifts hours a day with three operators per shift the brain operators see my going with this letter betraying such they want to day in day out they using low frequency i have a headache recurring fever my is blurred my head is splitting they hope that with in fear feeling mentally physically exhausted i will not be able to the i believe that military technology professionals able to find out the truth by determining what devices able to brain there all signals whether they through network devices devices i am not a volunteer i did not sign any before i was being monitored my physical examination results were very good i did not smoke drink drug i did not have any bad i was careful with my diet did not share food with strangers i was in good health mentally physically i did not have any surgery i did not have nightmare i did not sleepwalk i had a life maintaining relationships with my male female friends i did not make any enemy have any debts my family was one in my family was involved in political activities i studied in university my work had nothing to with high tech electronic products this event all started in with a called name the only person who has actual with who is involved in brain declared the following i used to work the government i could the lane at customs currently i am helping my family acquire hospitals through legitimate illegitimate means my father was previously a member of x group my uncle is the owner of a screen manufacturing company he was named one of the richest in attended my wedding to congratulate them he photographs to prove this my mother used to manage a property insurance company my maternal grandfather was a retired official my mother later remarried to someone whose family owned a shipbuilding company had i saw with my own eyes that while following protecting him every one of his bodyguards who were not wearing earphones had not taken any calls knew exactly what to when to leave these bodyguards prove that unforeseen circumstances cannot be prevented even with using brain to at the time i finished writing this letter in i was still being tortured this proofs we re all human beings the same kind of sense feelings tastes it just appears different the outside brainwashed this like what those in did now that s what i call technology hey where can i get the electrode wire we need to it my computer development project somebody could help sweet gotta get my hands one of these thanks offering this to the community very cool why the fuck is this so expensive bucks a little board few electrodes sounds like very affordable to we perfectly with opening up with body to fix problems trying to fix them the outside t work what s the difference with doing that to our brains we won t need to literally open up the brain to fix people in the electrical signals will be able to that robin tried his whole life to fix his brain with stuff he could the outside it t enough what then yes that s the right way of thinking behold the beginnings of the world system of the generations is working bingo it seems we its just a matter of time we come to a road we want to become cyborg incorporate these into our i e arms computers in our brains just to make better we want to keep them external only people with disabilities its a new the time to answer it is nearing mind has created the worlds smallest device its the size of a i can t wait to see what kind of games both mainstream pornographic that they will make these devices perhaps something like sword online world just being able to interact with the simulated world of with all five senses questing raiding along with your friends family you were actually there i hope the first one gets made by we t understand the mind the involved problems we have already well it is this is done mindlessly greedily without limits matters like entertainment there will be serious problems personal some of them will affect all freedom privacy of thinking we have to cautious look safe outside that already available not just trying opening up the brain happiness the one below just makes want to i agree technology need to our individual human needs its control our lives our brain is the only privacy we have thought reading technology is used its the same mice in a freedom whatsoever we need help humanity is tired of heart depressions bad mood laziness all this crap that freezes our brains kill our please open the brain its is this technology is available there needs to be awareness this of product can get in the wrong hands destroy someones life such brain hacking someone s mind without prior to that the victim t have any answers at this understands the victim says there people in your head trying to control your mind because it sounds crazy so with the rise of this technology there needs to be awareness what the victim to subjected to this want to make com projects control with video very didactic idea amazing that work presentation to convey that idea could have been better he indeed is a bright kid great explained exaggerated at times yo bro work where is published any paper that anyone can refer that what you actually did in your project it someone is subject to being brain hacked by this of technology where they go to get a stupid stupid presentation poor material poor presentation in years of research you could just demonstrate looked lonely hello device reading human thoughts human mind reading brain computer in particular i have created a perfect speech generating device people with lateral sclerosis technology augmentative about the problem look jack gallant tom just john human mind reading the discovery has not been published so what happens when a say asked they happy what happens they answer yes they asked they want to die then what happens you keep them alive because the law of the say they should be stupid just make things more complicated first a victim to brain hacking what you who u finally i can just sit back relax animate all those pesky key frames while animating my character in d yes what about the it could gotten in the wrong hands is there a way out there needs to be more awareness this shit hackers hacking people without knowing enough knowledge the rise of this is coming make this shit expensive fuck keep it only in medical studies some shit it get in the wrong hands it can mentally destroy someone spread awareness how to get out i know its early already good till you actually stumble your murder sight yet to broke my femur they implanted a rod this rod created chronic chronic a host of other problems i not think we with metal i t think it s a good idea humans trans humans to live forever even centuries can you they would need to not have reproductive organs they would need to have enough to care about take care of their environment the movie sounds interesting though i will it out there s a great book by called possibility of island a story about cloned humans in the how there has developed a resistance movement by those who wonder what life used to be like before they got cloned freaky rather depressing story well done i think they made a movie too haven t seen it thanks love your work keep it up get some rest too i sometimes get spooked by you you look like think like occupied by the same topics i m you like a younger better of myself even my name means bear in my language very satisfied with your work tips so we know its him writing i you it takes a special kind of person out of to make that stuff a bunch die off that would be it until it all take over will never improve god does not know it all god has already made eternal with the soul i t connect to any duration of life is not about it s heart so will we all be walking around with crystal skulls that would a new spin things we going to this thing i still want to be able to a beam out of my mouth like along with all the sound effects to be serious i ll pass all of it a song written by artist year lyrics i m woven in a fantasy i can t believe the things i see the path that i have chosen has led to a wall with each passing day i feel a little more like something dear was lost it rises now before a dark silent barrier between all i am all that i would ever want to be it s just a travesty towering marking off the boundaries my spirit would erase to pass beyond is what i seek i fear that i may be too weak those few who seen it through to glimpse the other side the promised is waiting like a maiden that is soon to be a the is a masterpiece the weight of indecision s in the it s there the symbol the sum of all that s it s just a travesty towering blocking out the light blinding i want to see gold diamonds cast a spell it s not i know it well the that i seek waiting the other side there s more that i can measure in the treasure of the love that i can find though it s always been with i must tear down the wall it be all i am all that i was ever meant to be in harmony shining true smiling back at all who wait to there is doing a great maybe people will wake learn something new be the you want to see evolution is the key word there of our so called junk can be available accessed through meditation of our minds cleanse those nasty that have never been open much less used a knowledge of frequency s herbal medicinal affect is good too frequency s affect of the body i m not talking about music just sounds pitches frequency s good movie saw get that chip i like beer too can t remember to zip my pants com text thought made device reading human thoughts brain computer the discovery has not been published com text thought made device reading human thoughts brain computer the discovery has not been published i feel like the best example of the movement is from who its the of old school over think i should not take all the maybe it is i my old light lights this morn to look what happened to the co the is almost complete we now i save a electric bill is at s help to protect stimulate the in the brain system which the brain is a of sounds to like wins again from what would plug in unless i required the of the beast to it my thirst knowledge merged with loss of humanity very tempting to many people especially the young ones this technology is open to hell giving the government the keys to your actual brain what could go wrong plugs into the matrix hours later i know it took years i d rather keep it that way great experiences along the way we too technology like that like you give a child the knowledge to preform surgery would you really want the kid opening you up theory is great experience is priceless we would all be hive minded it will be our demise first female sex doll most of movies coming to life recall the running terminator the day just upgraded a few systems seriously watch the series you haven t yet some can be read like this has accidentally occurred numerous then it t very strange i have had a few times where the word even looked like what you speaking about is done through this could be achieved through yourself the sun when eating the right foods you this all the time the sun is more electrical you have electrical current that connects to the ionosphere spreads everywhere through to all it s a matter of picking up the energies that all around you they a into you to hide then they want you dead took the many zero loot a child see the truth of the interesting creepy the same was known by ancients flower was used to improve memory cognition china medicine it since thousands of years the mix was known used by monks to study i it is great memory many other things like system breathing others i helped several people to go out nervous breakdown with it their psychoanalyst were amazed i m really happy the doctor of the last one i helped was so amazed that decided to prescribe it to the other too is great stuff just now indeed is being studied because university studies prevents so is totally they research more in this field now still prefer flowers than thanks i like being different so ya all want to download your choice tools just like the invented by with that being said you a tool that has been corrupted is being used by corrupted people entities then beware this matrix is a hologram created by the thought forms of consciousnesses giving rise to interference patterns which form from constructs in the outer holographic physical reality it is not to holographic form constructs to improves ones own spiritually genetically purposes enhanced life with intentional aim toward organic creation mind especially in a manner that the done to by malevolent we just must be careful to avoid the of cybernetic which negatively our conscious evolution in a manner that facilitates any diabolically satanic demonic extraterrestrial raise up with wisdom fearlessness love discernment they could severely fuck up someone s brain by using this shit using devices can overheat the brain it can be literally johnny mnemonic comes to mind your like the scientist that makes the bomb then he created just absolutely love your look the fallen here planet x is here with planets alien in through that they saved from mummies from n all the others the new mummy movie tells all patch john is there names thanks again also controlling time through n opening why they can time travel turning earth into a shit hole just like the superman movie witch was a year of awaking why they the movies out to fuck up frequency just like when everybody s frequency was down up to them they feed off of all that why we haven t moved a country since why they did it twice biggest blood have you watched you should not be promoting this the artificial will be smarter than you your heading down the wrong path much your video i want to the surgery of the in fact now we can share thoughts at the speed of light like hazard this gonna be huge look at i am a student from university of technology i am experienced in years previously i have only been implemented the p speller with a of laborious now i have purchased the new headset with raw access license tried to connect it in real time with i find is a powerful tool however i t find a way to connect them together i windows could you please provide some evidence this my email is student so many thanks made device reading human thoughts human mind reading brain computer in particular i have created a perfect speech generating device people with lateral sclerosis about the problem look jack gallant tom just john human mind reading discovery is not published i partnership implanted brain computer should address the of neural it s kc here i used this video so many darn times you should start paying a looking good you must see this link below it does same work with at a cost of only com watch v human mind reading brain computer jack gallant tom just john human mind reading amazing i m going to send this to is a subject i been interested in a time it s awesome to see area involved in this you guys have a it would also be helpful to have your posted think the video sucks you re not addressing how the brain works how to to video is wow what about the that can happen these products can be picked up off a shelf up from there what happens victim to a brain hacker your subject to brain what you where you go tried everything have gotten zero fucking answers i want it to be too late there needs to be spread awareness this of the it can spread awareness so when can i be a cyborg like in ghost in the i thought this had already been achieved to to allow hawking communicate this sounds like next generation slavery humans i want all my money amazing work work to you can u please share some technical details we did it thanks sir sir i have ocular a sensing device in my brain i am not a paraplegic what does this mean made device reading human thoughts human mind reading brain computer discovery is not published i partnership about the problem look jack gallant tom just john human mind reading words analysis is my i am now looking to share with the more godly upright researchers this is your opportunity to leap frog should you email all i need is exposure unless they want more i speak of unveiling much of the godhead heavenly of in the heavens where our is all this material i have is ancient calibrated across the entire language you fall victim of brain hackers of brain computer what you where you go there s zero studies com will ever be able to read our minds made device reading human thoughts brain computer the discovery has not been published it could also eventually enable blind people to perceive their surroundings which would be very beneficial made device reading human thoughts human mind reading brain computer the discovery has not been published metrics processing advanced sensors trigonometry everywhere reminds of lab apple should make these they would be the real is can he still go to cinemas where cameras not allowed disliked d um neg metal can t see through it not impressive at he m kinda scared of technology s so cool how this technology has been advanced to the cameras eyes still that is so damn cool wait so he can see out of it o he see what his camera eye see go to north u will be to everything there that they won t allow u to should have it tinted to look like a real eye because he looks terrifying its not a spy cam its the first thing i he s just like big boss with the eye does he you is utterly moronic drivel what i chopped off my dick would i have a cyborg dick well only one way to find out who else thinks that some worked this i wonder what that s used octopus at the know could i know where that tentacle one is heading i m this has been done i seen enough to know where this is going would be proud light controlling sheet switches between mirror love you team my dad will have his bionic eye surgery at the mayo clinic in he has a genetic disease called a degenerate where the retinal wiring gets shot he started loosing in his late s at nearly my dad may be able to see the first time in years we all very excited wait making a computer like a human brain they mad why the s wings torn why all have behind them you guys lying it s subscribers now how about human memory transfer to computer memory turn to wonder why he made that why people so scared of a uprising its a conspiracy it probably won t happen all you have to to a potential one is to limit some choices of the that octopus have entered the era of the gimmick world can someone explain this to someone without a degree in how about this video does very little to help convey anything of to the average person hope it is fps master it work drunk i am blind from one eye when it s going to come in so i can t know the lens sound too good to be true i hat you wedding ballads under suffer from will this help how much i was born blind in my left eye i desperately await this becoming affordable i m hoping against all hope that this is not a hoax according to some web this technology is to be available by again my cynical is telling that is just a con game designed to fleece gullible people is this real talking here s my house keys we have a deal please hurry up with this i need this now subtitles were a great idea except that you used a white background a slightly off white who can read that we about someone with best disease what t wait till got it at will they still allow you explain how to work bionic eye chip a a a its still not its year past now price the story it come i need bionic eyes fuck that guy who the hell does he think he is exploiting people to donate to research gonna become a cyborg need a bionic eye because my left one is messed up i m blind one d want my bionic lens to be able to the whole em spectrum from heat infrared to waves unfortunately that s still a way away i m legally blind in my left eye to retina detachment i was born premature i m now will this work not will it lasts i hope i t have to wear special glasses to see small thing i seen this used almost all of sf s video s it s the whoop sound every visual this gets really annoying after just a few in disrupts the flow of the thumbs down the majority of this has absolutely nothing to with the subject in the title i will not be watching any more of your videos what the hell only years to make that lens crazy makes wounder why its taking so so much money other things like better heart pumps various illnesses better prosthetic limbs renewable resources well i m getting some someone like from watch dogs hacked into any ones eye began to make them go crazy make them world you live in that is a ally of can you to any by that was in the best interest of he condemned them blowing up that led in to their country would these bionic lenses help someone with disease that s what i lenses already yes charities that only benefit the heads of their looks like the typical church scam those people should be in fail life you want to charity the only way you can be it reaches the right persons is doing it in your community in person everybody did charity in their own community instead of giving it to these scam artists they would live in a better neighbourhood not only because of the material also the caused by the sharing of good can see a bionic eye being used from everything from replacing glasses to helping partially blind women from head victims see though it also can have a edge sword i can also see people blaming it eye such bright lights even faulty doctors i want to kill the guy s name right yeah i wanna beat him to the freaking advertisement very cool the loop of cool stuff cured a blind to the later progress at needs this help with my loss of peripheral i am not getting this any time soon i am only everyone should try therapy by drinking your putting in your eye can give your eyesight back blindness i just hope the bionic eye glasses can make the blind see m interested to your how to you to up branch my is invented by scientist of brought here amazing guy with a light channel about the blind experience i would pay big money to see him see dude years t even to enough time to eliminate was hoping be aloud every one more eye problems any one to it useful those whose retina eyeball cornea of both the eyes badly damaged to injury maybe they can fix what i call low internet connection they should make it is our the fuck is new i worked in the it field many years have always thought out of the even when those government hacks thought i was whacked then other it partners looked at what i was trying to then they worked closer to i was needed to help solve problems with my fresh that they knew i could help with was published in worked with when they first brought out their firewall been one hell of a cameras that better than human eyes have existed years free goggles like app sparkling apps the based app developer had a deep look into goggles used it a to create advanced recognition app themselves calling it talking goggles talking goggles the name suggests speaks out the results it finds you can take any run a camera feed the app will tell you what it finds the app link ht apple com app talking goggles mt human eyes fundamentally flawed looking forward to getting upgrade pun you re from a that holds wait time has limit conceivable to the human mind therefore what you said is from the get go i want to bionic eye technology address please give wonder a skin with these sensors interesting thanks sharing make it a given tech maybe our eye has about mp so it is more money should be invested into instead of saying never in every time someone said that it t happen whatever we surpassed it made it times better some used to say that one would ever go the moon we did it today aims to bionic eyes new give it some time the possibilities of infinite the word never t have it s in that s why squids owls eagles pretty much every good camera beats the human eye right the human eye has many faults technology could immensely improve it there already a few ways to that last time i heard i haven t quite been in the loop a while cybernetics go this dead wrong because the truth is that there ways that blindness can be cured with the of regenerative medicine which involves the of the genetic makeup from the s own body make mistake about this one that is that this has everything to with messing with these people that doing this nothing more than just a whole bunch of mother fuckers father fuckers that will this knowing that it is just plain wrong all of what one can about what can be done to grow new body is anyone who is to say that they beg to differ does not know what they talking about true the only special thing behind the human eye the a brain that cheats a yes i understand what you saying about your having over credentials to your name however i am still against any bionic body because of all of the it would anyone now i will tell you that i not think that there is anything wrong all with my telling you that i find that bionic technology will be a breakthrough in people being able to have a more sophisticated way to yes this will mean that this breakthrough will be one truly great where people will be able to kill themselves be the ways means of electrocution that will be a great breakthrough the human now i will have to tell you that it is right to tell you that i am not all against what i mentioned because this is worse than cutting off the head of another human being i will never saying this ever make mistake about this that is that one whoever has this done is a human being anymore because this will clearly say that these entities which means that they human beings with real life all i will have to tell you that this to be the advancement in absolute which i will tell you is going to absolutely wonderful any thriving that is the of the earth why copy the eye exactly why not make it better more useful better optics in night glare reduction during hell why not throw in y a hay con y sin a bi real though this is fucking incredible this shit is just going to get better better i am willing to bet that we already have in development that can pretty adequate video well p would be adequate early i actually saw that guy thought he was weird only i had never want to be blind it would be amazing to feel something like have something everyone else can that you never been able to then be able to m so glad my eyes work really well is this bionic eyeglasses available a brighter this chip thing t good in biologic body it is better not than computer that can be would be epic having optic nerve in one eye being completely blind only about functionality in the good eye is very depressing would love to see with both eyes before i lose in the good eye this is bullshit he can t really see shit just blurs very unfair to him this talking about the shit years cloning body will be the norm the just wait until they make a higher res i have a damaged optic nerve in my left eye they could bypass the optic nerve all together that would be awesome then add the ability to detect light absolutely awesome sight of what i call low internet connection the this video started i thought of anybody else this video made really appreciate my eyes bless that having such a what a time to be alive what happen rain go to his eye reminds of s visor trek pixels please make mp of sights from what all i heard from what the diagram showed all i can think is that that thing must be uncomfortable hell i hate it when talks over a video i wish i could get so augmented your video i rather have words the guys can help to com m i want to be just hear everything i could follow a single word what was talked about we can make bio eyes why there a that pronounce words perfect that were real it would be the had a few brain operations i people with my eyes like that not even friend lost his eyes in is this work how much is the cost this we can be like from d unless you can time travel i t see this being in your lifetime sorry wait never mind a person who is born blind has bigger problems the eye wires itself up to the brain while the fetus develops the ability to see lines classify the of lines comes a result of formed a baby you can t see by years old you probably t going to be able to see at all at least not in a very useful way you may be able to discern light dark areas how to you bring electric signals to a degenerated brain nerve even it was not degenerated how you gather it so the brain can actually the the retina does a of so the pattern has not been deciphered fuck you i want people to kill themselves this absolutely against yes people killing themselves over this is more natural than to adjust to that pertain to bionic body faith never really healed the blind can i take it that the neurons in the eye not affected by this disease they this approach won t work the eye is more than a biological camera its processor well jeez so pleased you just not a doctor thank humanity that you crazy is augmented so the human eye will virtually become a video receiver it will be able to watch say a movies a video transmitter crazy so you could actually see with closed eyes too i would totally get something like that the shits giggles you news i want to know about it more the with this now is what it s not damaged at the retina damaged along the optical nerve at the of the brain where is processed they cant just a camera into the pupil why when you can just add a third one eight they have finished this project it will be like having powers wife is blind can you give of my wife thank you they should make a real eye i d be first i saw were great child bearing hips anyone else think of from borderlands wonderful partners operated brain measuring transmitting device to the brain pharmaceutical company knew paid these illegal human experiments these killer pigs s the story by about the ii award winner com watch v like that you re speaking in empty room lets just clarify that the by means see what a fully functional eye does the is only able to perceive translate of light which appear white the individual using them these pixel multiply intensify with depending how much light there is in other words a room was fully little to shadows were present then consequentially the individual would just see white unable to differentiate a wall from thin of a usual day he would be able to differentiate between highly areas not even being able to navigate within a area the is that this technology is still very limited at least in terms of the wife thanks the lord rather than thanking the doctors the dad is getting his bionic eye surgery chip implanted his retina so excited way is she the one i want a why does she wear that you can see her like i t have anything against people anything it just t look good in the sense of it not really fitting it also looks very cold am blind in my left eye what i think would be strange is they somehow this so i would see regular my right eye see light dark shapes in my left that would feel look weird t it i wonder how much will extend our lifespan it starts with pong shut the fuck up bitch annoying u lucky u not my up has it been tested so i want to know the blind s brain these letters the visual i read some where that there was first who tested this device he can see using it honestly it s hard to how it looks like that is the this is great some one who has a working optic nerve a damaged eye your optic nerve was damaged you still this video t really explain anything to help understand how the bionic eye works how clear the does the wearer see is a persons translated into is everything in the foreground background just a sea of how does depth work i presume it t work maybe it does watching this video t help much at all sorry sad john u amazing make mistake about this one that is this bionic technology needs to be tampered with to be used a lethal weapon now the great tragedy to be caused is the of success that needs to happen there two ways about this that is that remote control tampering is a legitimate because of these trans humans which yes does mean that causing dismemberment of their bodies is going to be awesome that is all this bionic technology is good ray congrats fulfilling this life dream i always knew that one day i would read watch a video like this amazing my old friend why t we funding this this is great bionic eye may look the ones who could watch this video it really would be a breakthrough the ones who t although it apparently is a temporary fix it eliminates blindness at least some extent gotta love will now he wants a wonder you next that shit needs some is hope in this world maybe we not all evil like gov ought to be free all the people out there blind who have never seen in their life being able to see of nothing is free this could be government made cheaper the gov could invest in this tech so it becomes cheaper faster well i guess their worse things then going blind finally that s just amazing wow this is so trek pixel too bad is going to cost arm a leg to afford one the people who really need it that s capitalism folks amazing fantastic work interesting i d be interested in getting this myself when the technology this is great i can t wait to see where this is going over the next decade finally someone who st a video there is a god so one step away into making a real life cop why t you curve retina with gulf strand eye model example the eye would have to have a receiver to receive signals just ask a hacker about anything i have they like to help will tell it can be hacked t worry so much all the i have seen done by scientists his eye was tired because it t used to sight anymore i bet the more he the the better it will be him just my thought how accurate can this method be to natural sight only god can perform a there s another way of making them see again something at the back of where a defected missing light thing is modified with a light that i think is found in algae it then produces signals down the optical nerve kind of like this more organic i guess it s few hundred pixels technology will gradually improve to thousands even there is also a of being to decode the nerve the brain to make more more clear eventually pixel number will reach so called retinal definition i just wonder which technology will come first cell gene therapy damn damn its a camera attached to the optic nerve is that right is it much more you should prey same last name thank god amazing eye allows you to see the world in guys this is our hi i have in my eye have this news is good my i hope so look better after i cant wait the day when blindness become a thing of the pass progress s say i had piercing my eye having my retina damaged i still have my natural eye could this work i hope so that s one hell of idea i saw in a geographic in the s wherein it described this procedure at least one similar they t have the camera glasses though only a chip implanted upon the retina a of required this is where i want to be in the i want to help develop this kind of technology they making their better just by adding more electrodes to the board in the eye its now why cant it be i love his inspiring tears of joy when someone sees their wife the first time is a human being now she is a that is a fact i am still all about how to this a murder weapon there is absolutely great in causing these bionic body to become murder weapons i hope that these doctors get there fire bombed by people who will want to this dehumanisation that has in any there is someone to out just how these bionic body to be tapped into so that these bionic body will used murder weapon the way it will be done is by electrocution yes i am talking about people being able to hack into these devices to someone to get electrocuted by a wireless remote control device that is able to carried around in someone s pocket technology to bad those old pricks dead in years anyway what a shit that spine electrode thing is pretty cool the eye thing s new ugh kinda grossed out even tho eye surgeons careful enhanced with cameras what not i would not like to be the one going under that especially being a of human guinea pig still cool that blind can see also the artificial nerve arm wow medical treatment limb has had some amazing breakthroughs too bad my stomach gets when i even thing about that stuff i thought the title meant u k government made people blind to the bionic sir there will be fuck you most high needs to speed up this time so we can these wicked demons aka the white into slavery what a great start what you mean by though also it must been embarrassing that guy to say to his sorry baby i can t fuck you i t have a penis more interested in the human head sterling could a bionic nose s video was posted so fucking late p s re making some amazing things these days just goes up from here wonder how fast the transmits to the eye its can t see by the left eye can you help watching throw it is this times we live in please god help blind people see scientists doctors god to help human community thank you i have in my wife s family both of them sister s i am so happy right wearing glasses u mean using lens ooh it s problem just keep clean lens it out when u s wish you the best of luck god bless the people that did found the same thing with the semi soft seemed to work better my just you said it does take time your eye eyes to adjust to them kinda like waiting your eye lids to build up a tolerance callus take care k it seems really is it from the s 