 A good & basic exA good & basic explanation is provided .......Analogy?Cloud is basically outsourcing computing resources to outside companies. It's like renting an apartment instead of buying one. It's faster and easier when you're young, but once you can afford an investment for an apartment, it's actually cheaper to buy instead of renting one. Cloud computing can help you start a business, but once your company grows it's better to create your own datacenter.Crap for explanation. Its seems to be using applications and or storage on Internet instead of your hard drive. Like Gmail where your messages and or data is not on your hard drive but on Googles servers...For small businesses and start ups this saves a lot of headaches. Monthly fees vs upfront costs makes sense. It may make me less money but I look for long term partnerships with my customers and look for the solution they need (not what I need).for larger organisations the thinking has to be different compared to smaller ones so the requirements are different too.How many services are available in cloudIk ben gelicanseerd zend amateurRTYT54546What he is saying is truecan anybody tell me?
it is application or software?good for knowledgehow to make this type of videohow will cloud computing affect present use of software applications?it was good but it was a advertisement rather than a explanationquethe way of presentation was cool and understandablle......vvery nice vediovideo is good for studentsAlways good Eli, thanks for breaking this all down.  You should make Udemy courses.Amazing and thanks Eli the computer GuyAs a first time learner of Cloud Computing this class gave  me the overall picture and great intoduction 
ThxBrilliant explanation! Thank you so much Eli.Eli.. Your voice is not at all audible in this video..
Have a look please.Good and Brief introduction.. ThanksGreat introductory videos to get people started.  Very well done and easy to understand.  Well done Eli!Hi Eil ,

I am service desk engineer , I want to learn cloud computing , what are the prerequisites of this .I have a huge crush on him when he introduces different concepts. :)I just love the way you are explaining....thank you so much for all the knowledgeIf the hardware thin clients have nothing on them, then what's the use of them in companies??Nicely explained .. Thanks so much.THANK YOU, so nice to watch and flawlessThank you!! You have made my world much nicer. I now understand what I've been afraid to learn for 35+ years.The only time I feel the advertisement saves my ear.This is a great class! I understand it very well! I recommend it.What a great detailed explanation!! Thank you Eli.You must be a Genius as you share the same name as my sister "Eli"....LOL!!
Awesome lecture....Thanks for sharing your knowledge with us.another wonderskynet is already in the cloudAmazing video on the potential of cloud computing. For more such details, refer to:https://www.collegesearch.in/cloud-computing-in-indiaBest Video on Cloud Computing!! keep it up!! all d best for future videos!I am still impressed with this technology. Imagine when internet speeds reach the ability to play video games for example completely on the cloud. You wouldn't even have a home console because all processing is done in the cloud and thus the graphics could all be processed with million dollar super computers and the only limitation would be the ever improving internet speeds.Isn't it ironic that a channel named HighTechDad uses printed paper to explain videos? Still.., very useful! Thanks!Lot of hard work can be seen in this video , very well explained in small time. Thanks!Perfect explanation, much appreciated!This is a great video! Wanted to share it with my colleagues at work but YouTube access is blocked :( Are there any options on how I can share this at the workplace?UltimateWow you nailed,  not to mentioned that amazing way you were able to explain itawesomebest explanation..best way to explaining... i loVed itcan someone suggest me a topic related to cloud computing to develop for an university paper??good one, good effort made to create UX.good. thanksnice explanationsomebody suggest me a good topic for b.tech main projectthank you! for sharing the information :) .thanks , very useful video . I am planning to rent a cloud server from www.datasoft.wsBro he was saying cloud seeding and you wrote cloud CD in subs ...now what is funny?Damn it! This dumb uncle is a former Indian Revenue Service officer!!! God save us.Ha ha....1 April interviewI am damn sure someone tricked him into breaking his phonePissed off, Cloud computing comes under networking sector and this useless fellow is not aware of it.Quora anyone ?This guy has a point. I think the Chennai cyclone was caused by too many people downloading torrents at the same time. That's why the govt is always trying to ban torrent sites.This is what the owners of Nokia 1100 users reactWhy is this man so smart.?cloud cd ...how someone can dumb like thishttp://www.business-standard.com/article/international/us-president-trump-has-not-abandoned-his-old-unsecured-android-smartphone-117012600670_1.htmli came to check the comments :)i want to smoke what he is smokingisse dekh kar hi cloud 9 product barbaad hua shayadjust tell me the drug konsa maal Mara yaar. mujhe bhi dila do yaar koim hasnu ya roun.maal kha ka he ?this guy is a prophet. he should start a religionARE ALL OF YOU ON THIS PAGE...AND INCLUDING THIS IDIOTIC MAN..REAL??!!OR ARE YOU MENTALLY STILL PLAYING WITH TEDDY BEARS AND BARBIE DOLLS??DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT IS BASIC TECGNOLOGY?/AND WHAT IS PHYSICS?/ARE YOU ALL VERY CRAZY/DEMENTED??CLOUD COMPUTING??

''In the simplest terms, cloud computing means storing and accessing data and programs over the Internet instead of your computer's hard drive. The cloud is just a metaphor for the Internet. ... The cloud is also not about having a dedicated network attached storage (NAS) hardware or server in residence''
GOT THAT,DUMBHEADS??!!!IF IT RAINS,YOU CANT GET WROMG INFO,YOU ASSES...BECAUS THESE SRVERS ARE KEPT INDOORS AND SEND DATA ,LIKE A COMMON RADIO SIGNALS/TV SIGNALS THRU THE ATMOSPHERE..SO YOUR TV COULD ALSO SHOW ,ACCORDING TO YOU,PORN INSTEAD OF DD NEWS!!DOLTS!!Actually my brain has evaporated to cloud after watching that interview, if it is raining at some of your place, please see if you can find my brain in your backyard. If you find it, please boil it on your roof so that it can meet the cloud again. Then I'll wait for that cloud to rain over my head... ... reading the danger, we shall now look into tree computing, at least plants won't move... but no, when they will die, everything will again go into soil, and if you eat fruit out of that tree, you will get all the data.... oh that's what happened when Adam ate that Apple from God's tree...At the begging i thought he will say something interesting, until i heard the "Battery transmitting". This is an original Afghani weed smuggled to India and he mixed it with Biryani and that's the result. .Hats off to the Interviewer for controlling his laughter and making a poker face during the whole Interview !!!He is the only person who knows why "KATTAPA KILLED BAHUBALI"...I am going to donate my  and  nothing else to see and hear in this world. I drank many time rain water now i have to go and scan my body how many files may in my body many people searching their imp docs in rain water but actually it may b in my body..Manishji should get an Oscar for keeping a straight face.  I would be fucking rolling on the ground while interviewing this guy.Next Level BullShit
OMGOMG.so fuckin idiot.Sim cards data transmits to the battery????oh my god.The fuck he has explained cloud computing. Never ever we thought it was actual cloud. And cloud CD..i used to think it must have been cloud seedThis is a joke.!!!This is hard to watch.aap samajh nhi rahe added to my favoritesahahahahahhahahahahah, i didnt knew battery was able to store data :D
ahahaahahahhagovernment and private company make us mad.that some high quality weed after effect there ..  kya aapku malum hain ?ye illuminati ka banda hA tutorial in using Ubuntu Linux server MAAS pleaseAfter the first 40 seconds of the video when the screen faded to white, I could still see his outline burned into my vision lolBrilliant Video.. Lucid, simple & well explained with examples.. Bravo !!!Excellent explanation, thank you!Good OneI couldn't get what he is saying after 4:15 to 4:22. Please it someone can give me the subtitles sir these 8 seconds.I now have a much better understanding of "Cloud Computing." Awesome Video. Thanks.Thanks for sharing. What about vmware technologies, like VMs? are they considered as IaaS?Thanks! Very helpful.This was extremely clear and helpful. Thanks a lot!This was super helpful! Thank you.are you a robot, Christopher?hackerman!!john lnnon looks like lemonnow my course is CC could competing frist year in this course...saasso funny to see old Google Doc and AWS interfaces :)thanks , very useful tutorial. I am planning to rent public cloud from www.datasoft.wsthanks you for this video, after watching several videos that's the first one that made understand this conceptvery helpful..thnx.@DigitalOcean makes cloud hosting simple. Deploy and configure a cloud server in 55 seconds. Sign up using my link: https://www.digitalocean.com/?refcode=233a31df72bfAdonde me comunico para contactarlos???Excellent video, thank you. This will help explain some of the deliverables in the IT StrategyI cannot grasp the idea of any IT guy from a small or mid sized company embracing Office365, Azure, Sharepoint, Google Docs, Amazon EC2, etc...  So you convince your clients to abandon hardware that you bought, installed, update and maintenance regulary to have them migrate it all to leased file servers, leased exchange servers, email, applications and other cloud services owned by corporate giants.  So let me get this right...you all take clients that you have accumulated from years of hard work and not only give them to Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Rackspace, etc... but help them migrate over?  Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Rackspace now becomes your clients new IT company who provides their own servers, email, applications, support, consulting, etc. You all on the other hand go out of business and find yourself unemployed in a dead market. A dead market that you all helped create.I like thisIntrusting your sensitive data with Cloud computing it's like intrusting your money with Bank with only difference, that bank will reimburse money stolen from your account, no one can  reimburse stolen information from Cloud storage. Now hackers do not have to look for access in each building where your IT Department will set up the wall of security. Now it will be enough to access in one storage to get an access to multiple organizations. It's like to find a treasure. And of course, NSA will be on the top.
Good video, bad idea.It will have to take fast internet enough and cheap enough to replace conventional computing.It's what will become skynet with a stupid name. Clouds are full of moisture so they are wet- idiots. Computers don't like liquids. Quite fast.Simple and to the point explanation supported by nice illustrations. Concise video tutorial for students and practitioners as well. 

International Journal of Computer Science and Information Security,
IJCSIS ISSN 1947-5500, Pittsburgh, PA, USA
http://sites.google.com/site/ijcsis/
https://google.academia.edu/JournalofComputerScience
http://www.doaj.org/So, What is the cloud computing?This is just Microsoft's new way on spying on organizations for free.  Companies will blindly trust in Microsuck to deliver all their information to a  cloud controlled by the greatest dick on earthVery good Microsoft Online Learning Video. Thanks you very much.anyone else here from yourpalross?cloud or not, don't use a dell...new laptop, 2 months old...screen cracked while opening it...dell wants $269.00 to repair it...great videogreat..........nice tutorial. it helped in knowing about the cloud servers and also setting up my new cloud server which i rented from www.datasoft.ws which provides 24*7 customer supportniit cloud coputing bestvery goodBest explanation on cloud computing.Cloud HostingDo the needful.Even Pied Piper is transferring to AWS....Gilfoyle just shutdown the server room (aka the garage/Jared's bedroom) and said a solemn goodbye. #siliconvalleySounds like Dr. Matt did the voice over :DThey need to make cloud computing a LOT more protected.This isn't so much "What is Cloud Computing" as it is "What is Amazon Web Services' version of Cloud Computing and what are AWS's points of differentiation?" Not that it's a bad video because it's not, but certainly the title is misleading.We have reached the end of our countdown - the most watched video on the AWS YouTube channel in 2013 is "What is Cloud Computing with AWS?"

We hope everyone has a great 2014!Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History.happy new year 2016  & everyone has a great 2016normal hosting 1000% cheaper for 99% busines. Only big data and big businec can afford cloud and mainly from rich countries   ok but I wanted to know what is cloud computing not how it works and helpfultoday cloud tech is the evergreen.. most of the people dnt know about the cloud.. so it is useful to learn from the begining via youtube. it will be so helpful~An online course designed to provide you the right expertise and skills to design cloud-based applications with Amazon Web Services http://shrsl.com/?~chreCame across this while creating a presentation to explain Cloud Computing to some students, cheers.Cute :)Great video, can i use it for a class presentation?Is there a video on why we should be scared of cloud computing???Jajaja so funny!!
I looked up for that information and this video was the only one i really understood. 
Thank you!!Lol we look this video in english lesson for trainning the CLES2 in French. xDPerfect  video to show my middle schoolers! Thanks!Poor Frank it's a lovely nameReally awesome... this is the only video I found precise and better understandable. thanks . greeting from IndiaSir can i work on cloud security issue..So please tell me how many type of issue can be created in cloud computingSuper videoThank you very much, you really helped me in my recerch workThanks for the video , I am planning to rent  cloud server from www.datasoft.wsThis video helped me understand what cloud computing really is.Your video was very helpful and I really loved how it was done. The hand drawn illustrations were awesome and you simplified the cloud to something quite simple. I never knew how the cloud really worked so thank you for making it easy and fun to watch. It is kinda scary to think that if something gets uploaded that it never really goes away it will always be floating between data centers, so now people have to be careful with what they upload.good vid!me too... the only video that expained how it really works. others only explained principles and the 'whys' but nothing else.not yet get it clearlythe only video that made me understand..thanksvery helpful@yashwanth if we can access application, infrastructure and platform all together in cloud, then why they are segregated as iaas, paas, apasBLACK BOARD IS MOVING ,IT'S HIGHLY DISTRACTING TO WATCH THIS VIDEOGood Effort..Clear understandingGood one!Good presentation. Can you give me an example?Is it like notebook available in market?Great video sir.I like the way of explainingNiceWhy is he so angry:)?Your concept is clear and explanation is also good. The only thing I would suggest that please explain slowly i.e your speed while explanation. Nice video. Thanksamazing energy! well-done. good enough intro to cloud.bakwas   video i don t  likecoollgood explanation .........good explanation bro .. nice videonice explanation tqprecise and clear......thanks sirthanks anna!very good presentationwow it reallyhelped my studiesBasically ,what is cloud computing?Does this tutorial make you any fluent in cloud computing?Great explanationHello Sir...Can you guide something about FB Working and FB Cloud?Hello, Thank you for the course , I have a question please,

if i were asked to write about"  the differences between various Cloud consumption models by using examples " in brief ,

 Do they mean to mention the 
Hybrid , Private , Public Cloud OR IAAS , PAAS , SAAS ?

I cant clearly get the right answer to that Question , Hoping that you will give me the right answer as soon as possible 

Thank you in advanceI am surprised to say that I really enjoyed this.  I listened to a web lecture given by Amazon just a few minutes before this one and it was boring.  The information here definitely provided a clearer insight.  well doneIts nice video.Kindly elaborate cloud testing technologies please and share me the link c.gbrijesh@gmail.comThanks a lot sir.....You are providing a visual understanding of Cloud...
This tuturial helps us very much ...
Thanks once againhello sir , how can i start my career in cloud computing?hi sir i always wondered what programming language will use to develop a storage cloud ?! and if there is online courses or tutorial  that i need to learn first before i start to program,,how can I start my career in cloud computing ?is there any cloud providers provide cloud service for free?
jst for learning purposenicesir, great tutorial !! i'm doing load balancing in cloud computing as my final year project for that im using cloud sim could you please direct me to relevant tutorials sir plzzzz.....sir, i want to start a career in cloud computing, i don't know where to start and what basics to cover...? i also want to know what is ajiel and what it is used for..?
replyASAP..this could  be the best tutorial amongst i have watched. Subscribed!ty so much bro.very nice understandable to every one41:30 "Short Sided CIO" Dude...Cloud computing is another scam created by companies that want to control your data and information - cloud computing is not safe unless the company that is providing the service is accredited by some sort governing body and has undergone a formal certification (verification, testing and validation). Certification is the technical aspect of the process while the accreditation is the administrative process granting some sort of accreditation certificate based upon some sort of industry security requirements. All security requirements have to be tested against the implemented secuirty controls - this is where most cloud computing companies fall short - there is no continuous monitory process in place o identify threats,threat agents, vulnerabilities, soft flaws,exploits or risks....Does David Davis, provide any replies to questions on this comment board?  Anyhow, here's my question, whats the difference between Cloud computing and Application Hosting Providers?  Seems like pretty much the same concept thats been around for a couple of decades now.Excellent Presentation, Very InformativeGreat! It is helpfull.HeyJUST ANOTHER BLOODY SALES PITCH. WASTE OF TIME...Ken Olson's "a computer" is not "a PC". Please refer to http://www.snopes.com/quotes/kenolsen.aspMy computer froze and I heard this but I was playing a game so  I thought I got a virus and it scared the shit outta me.Nice webinar mr David! With cloud computing I have only one problem: who on earth is going to guarantee that all this valuable info will be protected? Will not be hacked by the competition? Would be sold by the same company that we pay to save? But on the other hand I really appreciate the solutions and new possibilities given by cloud computing! Recently my friend googled Comzetta. which seems to be a combination of storage space and virtual desktop. Maybe someone knows are they reliable? I don’t know this company, but they declare full security of storage files what’s the most important to me, because they’re private, and I want to decide to whom I want to give an access to view it. Once it's understood that a CLOUD service is no more than a STUPID way of saying REMOTE HDD. Or better-yet, "we take the hard drive out of, or add space to your computer - providing you with an extra 1, 2 or 3-TB, as much hard drive space you'll ever need on OUR SERVER and charge you a monthly storage/service FEE for the pleasure" - the easier it is to under stand this overstated Webinar "CLOUDED SALES-BUZZWORD-SPEAK".

A cloud operates, interfaces, through Windows Explorer, you know, My Computer, to cut copy and paste folders and files of any file type - or at least it should. It moves data around from partition to partition on the internal HDD of yer computer’ - and it moves data around from your computer HDD to the “Cloud HDD and partitions -- simple no big mystery.Thank u so muchThanks you.This video is really awesome. Thank you!Wide Area Network (WAN) is the same idea as a community cloud aspect.is there a newer version of this presentationseriously no comments?svp quels sont les mesures de securité pour eviter une certaine tentative d'intrusion(piratage) ou un hacking dans le cloud... svp repondez moithis video is provide few info not more so plz provide its related other topicwhat is the difference between cloud computing and web-based computing?AdoreiDatabarracks - great cloud ad - can I use this video in my educational workshops?Didn't realise this was an advert. Now off to look at DatabarracksExcellent video, very clear about that.Good video to watch before any client meeting on benefits of a Cloud Based Solution. Excellent perspective of Changing consumption based on the Utility of the solutionHow can you produce a video like this?How much did they pay you for a slice of your credibility, Mr. Fry?In the video, "Changes to Computer Thinking," it demonstrates how the human brain network is similar to how computers communicate.It was great and so helpful.Muy bueno.Oh I cringed when Fry said that Thomas Edison invented the lightbulb and the electric power station. That is wrong. Nikolas Telsa invented that but Edison did was selling it to the public and took credit for Telsa's work and made absolute blunders along the way and screwed Telsa over after he made heaps of money of him without giving him a cent. Really fascinating. The best ad on cloud computing.Stephen fry must have a cold.This is arguably the BEST technology ad I have ever see.WOW!! incredible!!Yes Welcome to Cloud Computing the weakest point in any computer network is where a 3rd party is entrusted with your data and often the area  exploited by hackers, governments, competitors, etc.  If anything this is the reason a number of orgs have shifted away from the idea of SAAS (Like Salesforce)  Instead creating their own cloud computing within their corporate networks.  The Target and Home Depot, for example, have learned about software as a service the hard way, and paid well for their education.anyone know which company made this video ? Would like to use them..awesome video :)best advertisement ever can we get a copy of that big draw?downloadable I mean."With cloud computing all your stuff can be stored on the infinite space of the world wide web, instead of on the limited space of computer hard drives." Uh, excuse me? It's all just hard drives, folks.A straight forward demonstration of cloud concepts that help me to understand betterly, thank you.Appreciable presentation and explanation, did good job buddy, thank you so much.Create your personal cloud space in less than 55 seconds using Digital Ocean's cloud computing service, user this link https://m.do.co/c/7d4b36bcd672 to get free $10 in credits.Excellent!!! your presentation has cleared all my doubts thankyou so muchLeave the cloud, computing and the other stuff I just loved your voice. So sweet so cute. Sorry I was not able to concentrate on the video much. All the best to your voice OLIVIA!!MT8425? Is that The Open University?Nice Video!!  Got a clear picture about cloud computing.Please speed up your speech in the future. Too boringSimple to understand explanation, thumbs up.Thank you , comprehensive and illustrative presentationThank you My Dear.   "K.I.S."   Keep it Simple.   Totally understand, short and sweetVery niceWell explained for beginnersit is a skillful presentation. thank you.so sweet voice btw ;)very help full.  i have presentation on this topic, now i don't have to worry. thank you so muchvery informative for a beginner. thankswatch at 1.25x speed, it sounds better.wow super awesome ..you cleared the concept very easily, please upload more presentation on the related topics. thank u :-)Also: What is the name of the animation software you use? Many thanks.Buen contenido,  tengo un vídeo donde trato el tema del cloud computing desde un punto de vista general. Me gustaría tener tu opinión sobre el mismo. Saludos y mucha suerte.Excellent video: Very clear definition and beautifully executed. I did a slightly more business-focused overview here: https://youtu.be/iiIx61lfEn0 . Love to get your comments.Great video!Hacking is the problem here, but it is the unequivocally perfect idea.Have to ask, back in my HTML days, I'd make websites and occasionally try to make guestbooks (oh the days when that sort of stuff was posted on sites and you could copy and paste and manipulate it and make it your own) or even rudimentary email. Anyway, there was something called a cgi-bin that I never quite got the hang of but seemed kind of crucial for email. Do these cloud based apps still require that or has that completely changed? Thanks,I have heard that cloud storage can be more vulnerable to hackers and the like, but there's no doubt it's great for a variety of things. I learned by complete accident that most of my Steam games save on the cloud, so I can access those saves from any computer. Good stuff.  I'm sorry, I just want to be a butt, but if there is a rogue meteorite in your living room you are probably not going to survive it either. 
And as for checking your email "while traveling"--- don't text and drive!!! ;)So online servers have good meteorite protectors , am I right?So simple to understand!ThankYouThanks, very simple and directThe government is accessing everyone's information gathering, and viewing during terrorist threats. Computer hackers getting credit card information from a major retail cooperation. Obviously, it is raining, down pouring or down loading some place it shouldn't be.What is the the background music?You may have heard people using terms like the #cloud or cloud computing or maybe even cloud storage. But what exactly is the cloud? Find out in this 3-minute video.please please, what's the name of the background music?!!really helpful for beginners a must watchthanks for the video , I am planning to rent a cloud server from www.datasoft.wsthanks!  easy to understand description.yeahAdobe Illustrator for Illustration, Adobe After Effects for animation and Adobe Premier for final editing.BethClip is cloud clipboard & data exchange/sync service between multiple devices.Educative video.I love your animation!

In my opinion cloud computing has been around for a long time. It has been the fundamentals of what websites/ email servers use to retrieve and store data. It's nothing new. Only now have we had the cheaper technology to centralise everything and provide the infrastructure for it on a bigger scale other than just websites/email, i.e. databases and file storage.My CEO suggested me lately to check an offer of cloud computing service. Of course it have to be trusted, so he’s not interested in free services, offering file hosting. My boss told me to check few of them, and among many I found one called ComZetta. It seems trusted, not very expensive and secure.  I tried to go to the link mentioned at the end of the video for We Support The Cloud and it just goes to a placeholder website with ads on it. I don’t think that’s what you intended. Can you fix that?It is very useful to every oneIt's interesting how computing's half life has been evolving to greater efficiencies.Lol why?Most of us really do not know about Cloud Computing usages & its benefits . N I C ENo, that means you need a DSL connection to work and all the softwares will be installed on different computers. Even one computer crashes the other once keeps the same data, you dont get same benefit on you local machine. Adobe company has now moved to cloud for selling softwares into boxes. So now you will pay monthly or yearly as you want. True mate, but thats what client showed me. See concept of cloud computing is same for any business. I think I think video I used same colors but presentation is not same.Very nice work with the graphics and script.Very well presented!What is the name of the software used to create this PPT?a very nice video. I will surely consider this kind of animation.this is better: What is Cloud Computing?Absolut great video.Brilliant video but I think the power station/grid analogy is flawed. While companies did move to grid supplied power, most retained their in-house generating capability as a stand-by. Just in case.
Doing the same with IT would render the cloud model unaffordable. Moving to the cloud means disaster recovery strategies are as important as ever and that probably means stand-by arrangements with alternative cloud service providers. Just in case.Excellent high level explanation of Cloud. Thank You!Excellent video and analogy between power and cloud computing was nicely emphasized.Fantastic video. Will check out more of your videos

Would be cool if you would  check my videos too.Great video. Looking for information on the company that produced it. Does anyone know?Really helpful, excellent analogy with electricity and cake.Simply great !dea with a awesome presentation. Very innovative & revolutionary technology !!! Cloud is AWESOME :)Thanks for the video. I'm a university student having to write a report on cloud computing The customer for PaaS service should be then software developers and vendors who collabartes to develop software and sells these products as SaaS.Please correct me if I am wrong, IaaS in the business world would be all major players players in the market Amazon , IBM , MicrosoftWell done!  Good for the average non-cloudie.Which music is used in this video?fantastic videoi like the way how you presented this theme. nice videosuperb presentation! Like it!the best one ever!! good job!this is by far the greatest video i ever saw in regards to learning about cloud computing! JUST AWSOME!4g มา ไวๆๆๆ555+ 3G มาเร็วๆ555+ สาระครบครับ ชอบตอนจบมากที่สุดอิอิ เรียกร้อง 3G5g แล้วอ่ะ5gมาไวๆๆCan I get this in English version plssssssssssssขอกดดัน กทช ทุกวิถีทาง ขอบคุณครับ...ขอบคุณมากครับขอบคุณมากครับ เข้าใจซะที ฮ่ะๆๆ จะได้มีความรุ้ไปสอบกะเค้าละดีมากเลยค่ะ.......ขออนุญาตใช้สอนนักเรียนด้วยนะคะตอนนี้คงรอ 4G สินะต้องทำรายงานพอดี อ่านยังไงก็ไม่เข้าใจ ตอนนี้เข้าใจแล้ว ขอบคุณมากค่ะถ้าทุกอย่างขึ้นไปอยู่บน internet งั้นหมายความว่า ระบบ cloud computing มันจะกินพื้นที่สำหรับรับส่งข้อมูล (bandwidth) มากขึ้นหรือเปล่าคะ?ประมูล 3G เสร็จแล้วจ้าา 16 ต.ค. 2012
(แต่คลิปนี้อัพเมื่อ 23 พ.ย. 2009)
- -*สุดยอด
สุดยอดเลียเพัย
อยากได้ เสียง ประกอบ อะ
ฮ่าๆ 3 G มาเร็วๆ ฮ่าๆและในแง่ของความปลอดภัยล่ะคะ ในเมื่อมันถูกกระจายงานไปอยู่บนเครื่องไหนก็ไม่รู้ แล้วพวกข้อมูลสำคัญทั้งหลายจะมั่นใจได้อย่างไรว่า ข้อมูลไม่รั่วคะ?Excellent... Appreciate your work!...Keep doing more!Exelnt PresentationGreat Video and very much helpful. Thank you very much..!!  Please post more videos for ACI and Open stack.Hi 
are you going to uplode next steps of cloud computing videos .?Hindi ? Intro sound like englishIts really informative. U let me know what exactly the cloud computing is!!!!! good job sir, thanks a lot.Thank U sir... very well explained.... if U have any websites/links/videos on other topics .. plz share it...Thank you Sir, Good Work.Thank you..sir..Thanku So much 
great jobWell Explained.You are really doing a great job. God bless you.excellent, very neatly explained. thank youthank u sir for providing great informationthank you sir hope expecting more from your sidethank you...... good explanationtxvery well explained....I appreciateyou are my guru gi100 time repeating I don't understand You said like " Water waver or paper ke jo molecule hote hai" ....kya bola ?25-35000 thousand range me kaun sa computer best hoga photo/video Editting aur gaming me lyeCan you tell us about what is AWS EC2 , please make a video about the basic idea about AWS EC2.Ek bar krke dikho kya procedure h...Nice sir this video is very Knowledge full.Sir ji cloud computing me aage or kya-Kya increment ho skte hai.Very informative & easily explain great Sir.. Thank you for sharing..bro ma gta 4  khailna chahta hua cloud computing say kaise khel skta hu
i need your helpgood informationgood way of teaching ! It becomes quite easier for us to understand things ! THANK YOUiPhone mayga kiu himega giveway me jakar kya karna haiplease add gloud gaming Androidplz make a video on how to play gta 5 on androidsir please provide a video on backup and restore in cloud computing plzzzzz,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!sir.....plz go slow........kya bola aapne like  water molecule something bola......water paper ke jo molecule hai aisa kuch bolavery good and efficient information ... nice video....very helpful videowell explainedBest control is not responsible of Administrator. Option C is TrueGreat video sirIs VPN require to fetch data from cloudPest controlTest Controla big thumbsupand pest controlgreeaaatttttti like very much..good understand iti very like your video and i understand. carry on.
.osos managmentpaste controlpest controlplz upload office 365  videossir i want to do certification in cloud computing .. need ur suggestion ,how to start study and which is suitable certification for network engineer ...test controlu r great auther i can understand easily...
will u please teach about hacking......
i wanna learn hacking... please help..Bahut badiya. Turant samajh aagaya. Sir, Cloud security ke uper bhi thodi Vishesh tipni dejiye. Bahut hi important topic hai aaj ke zamane meinEven though I don't understand indian, I really enjoyed the video! Perfect job! Perfect virtualization!Excellent Sir!!Hello Sir, Can ypu please suggest me any Institute which can provide the detailed course for AWS Solution Architect .. I mean full classroom training programmeI love the way you have explained in the video about cloud computing from the start.. 
Thanks you.. Keep doing the good work and I want to know more about cloud computing.I would request you do some videos about AWS (amazon web services). That would be very grateful to you and it is also help new beginners who is just started to learn about AWS.Marvellous example and expalnation!!Sir you are Awesome....You are teaching superbly......Thanks a lot sir, please sir make more videos to make understand the very advanced concepts in computer science, i  hope if you will have time then definitely you will make them. again thanksYour presentation is Crystal as Clear!every one can easily understandhi sir ,v good session for knowledge,thank u v muchmany thanks for the infomarriage hall example was fantastic, thumps up to you sir..sir I would like to do my own video  for education  can you help me which software need to prepare video like yours.sir, i would like to say one thing that, your way of presenting the things is marvelous and really the examples you take are awesome.sir,really it is very helpful for me. thankyou soo much.this is really very simple and well explained . Thanks a lot .very nicewhich service is more costly SAAS or IAAS....by the way very well explain ...keep it up. I subscribed, thumps upAmazing Lecture, Hats off to you sir, normally IT and SM classes most faculties make it too boring but u are brilliant in the way you relate it to the things which all are aware in their daily routine.. Thanks a lot.Cartoon 
Better to do selfDear all pls share all the links 
with ipcc law students, relatives, friends appearing nov 15 immediately ..

Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRxX0cBzOKc
Part 2
https://youtu.be/Yy9lASmTAxw
Part 3
https://youtu.be/uYzJYhOvfvw

Are you worried about ipcc law exam of nov attempt? 
Then pls click on following link to watch ipcc law one day before exam revision lecture by ankita patni on YouTube.. Very beneficial# free# to score high#revision of whole syllabus in just 5hrsGAZAB SAMJHAYA SIR .... NICE PER FACEBOOK KE BAAD KI VIDEO NI MILIHi sir
please provide a Azure development videosIf you like the video of Swapnil Patni's Classes then  please attend complete  classes of ISCA, IT , SM, LAW  at 115 cities of India for more details visit : https://www.swapnilpatni.com/ 
contact : 02024466748 , 9011851796 , 9011854340.NOW YOU CAN BUY PENDRIVE OF IPCC AUDIT COMPLETE SYLLABUS APPLICABLE FOR NOV-15 AND MAY-16 FROM   https://www.swapnilpatni.com/ TO GET EXTENSIVE KNOWLEDGE OF AUDIT FROM AUDIT EXPERT CA HARSHAD JAJU PUNE
CONTACT : 9011858636 / 9011850298 / 9011858037NOW YOU CAN BUY PENDRIVE OF IPCC LAW COMPLETE SYLLABUS APPLICABLE FOR NOV-15 AND MAY-16 FROM   https://www.swapnilpatni.com/ TO GET EXTENSIVE KNOWLEDGE OF LAW FROM LAW EXPERT CA ANKITA MEHTA PATNI PUNE
CONTACT : 9011858636 / 9011850298 / 9011858037Now you can buy videos and books of Swapnil Patni on Swapnilpatni.comSir i could like to thankyou for ur support 
but it would be best apart if we could get pendrive (or)download links for an amountSir, do u provide classes on USB or CD ?Sir, do you provide video classes for SM&IT?sir SAAS....PAAS.....IAAS  ki ek video bana li je ga plzsir are itsm complete lecture available for may16?sir are you south India ?.that accent thoughsir even introduce your ITSM pen drive classes....sir please introduce your class usb alsospeaking like MODIspeaking not goodHermoso Video !!! El futuro esta en la nube !!! :')Servicio de Diseño e implementación de Software Web de Gestión (basado en CLOUD COMPUTING). 

BENEFICIOS EN LA ADQUISICIÓN DE UN SOFTWARE WEB

•         Integración en línea de todas las Áreas de la Empresa.
•         Elimina la duplicidad de trabajo.
•         Sistema altamente seguro para transacciones vía internet.
•         Código modular, permite agregar módulos en línea.
•         Sistema multiplataforma que corre en cualquier S.O.
•         Sistema multidispositivos: Pc, tablet, smartphone.
•         Portabilidad de uso sin límites de usuarios.
•         No requiere instalación de software ni hardware.
•         Sin límites de equipos terminales.
•         Accesibilidad global vía internet.
•         Upgrade del sistema en segundo plano.

BENEFICIOS ADICIONALES SOLO CON LA EMPRESA GRUPO SAFEPERU
. Se dará a conocer en las presentaciones.

Solicite una presentación:

940407988
01 682 1387
Grupo SafePeru SAC
Lima - Perueste mejor explicacion de la nubelo que no te dicen es que si necesitas mas recursos te cobran mucho mas caro que contratar un servidor dedicado. 

prefiero seguir contratando servidores dedicados sale mas barato.miren este videomuy interesantesi queries capacidad ilimitada en la nube esta es la mejor: wcm7.com
Cloud tecnology sin limite de capacidad, para empresas que genran grandes cantidades de información.¡"Ge mail", es neta!Excellent Videos...  really helpful.  Thanks a logGood  benefit. ..
I request you can you all the videos  on my mail. 
mehmoodsabzeb@gmail.comGreat Job ! Thank you .. very simply explained :)Hello,

I am beginning to use the Microsoft Azure, however, after I log in when I try to enter the credit card number, the screen is just blank for hours together,
Could you, please, help me?Hi  my name is azure cool I love your accent!!I've bought someone's silence before, so make that three. >:)Indian accent, now they are computer second accent after  01 binary :-)Nice introduction to cloud, you have put it in such simple terms.  Good eye opener.  Thank youNicely explainedOut standing video. Thanks. I have one question related to security (Not related to this video) - I need comparison chart between application gateway WAF and Barracuda WAF. From my basic investigation I found that  application gateway WAF is in preview. Kindly give insight on this.Running out of words to give u compliment...u r jst too good and incredible brief intro of Cloud Computing..  :)Thanks. Good Explanation.This video provides a great definition of cloud computing. No to little coverage of Azure as suggested by the title.Very good tutorial.Very nice explanation... It is really cleared my doubt on cloud computing. ThanksVery very nicely explained. Frankly, didn't expect  much from this video before started listening to it but now, I don't want to miss any of your videos. Keep sharing your knowledge and thanks a lot for educating us. Keep up the good work.too much accent dude !Aos 0:41 ele acessa a internet do carro. Não pode! hahahaColocarei o video no meu trabalho do curso claro que dando os creditos.Dropbox aqui:

https://db.tt/RBvgDf7q

Melhor opção não há.Nós da empresa Mídia Livre Tecnologia já estamos nos adequando a este novo conceito. Para isto, implementamos a nossos serviços uma nova plataforma chamada Mídia Livre Software, onde dispomos aos nossos clientes um conjunto de ferramentas integradas em nuvem computacional para criação de sites, e mails, publicidade online,  edição e guarda de arquivos e distribuição de conteúdo multimídia através de streaming   de áudio e vídeo, tudo utilizando-se de ferramentas hospedadas em Cloud Servers.Qual ferramenta usaram para criar o vídeo?meu anti virus detecto deamon tools *cloud*muito legalpropaganda da ford chata pra c...Can you provide any practical example where virtualization is used ?Great Explanation! Thanks!Great this is what i am searching for... Thanks alot... Looking for more vedio (Y)How easy to use are these APIs that replace sysadmins and the typical virtualization stack? Do you have to typically hire a team of developers to figure out these APIs and how to bolt things together, or is that something that goes on behind the scenes "in the cloud"? Thanks.Huh? LolLoved it !M'kay, got it, thanxThank you sirTwo minutes where as some take 15 minutes to say what this guy just said.You are the man! Many thanks to youZoe love that you called the "outsourced to an automated layer"  for cloud computing 
please keep posting tutorials videosamazing explanation Thank you !great......this is something i had been looking for.. :)thanks very much to RackSpace ,uploading this video helpful ....very simple explanation. :) great explanation the best I ever had
 on the topic. Thanks a lotThnq u sirune qst naive : comment vous avez réalisé cette animation ?I love your language , Remind me my hometown. Good WorkIf possible please help me with your notes..
saurabhmanikpure@gmail.comMr.jain you have explained a very complicated topic in very simple and understandable way ,thank you so much.....can software as a service be a security as a service?easily explained :)explained in a very easy way.....thanku sirhi please help me to learn more about cloud 

thanks for giving awesome  classes .....

fayizvky@gmail.comi need ur support to do research ... plz send me your contact number and mail id to my mail id pd200524@gmail.complz sir send  me ur notes of my mail (ramyakesavan357@gmail.com)remember that your tutorials is needed by different people so try to use more English. thankssir i just have one simple question... can i get into cloud computing if i take computer commerce in 12th std?sir please send me material shaikasiya99999@gmail.comsir plz me notes sendsir plz send me notes
Avisekxalxo98 @gmail.comsir plz send me notes ...
muklesursk@gmail.comsir plz send me your notes
priyeshcst@gmail.comsir plz send me your notes on cloud computing to vikram7146@gmail.comvery well explained sir
y dont u open your own hosting company sirExcellent session.. really useful for me as we are trying to implement AWS for one of our client.. thanks Ian..I see the reasons behind all the cloud hype now. Very informative.Its more like Marketing session, where sales team attracting customers to use their services. This is an advertisement and the name should not be 
"What is Cloud Computing with Amazon Web Services?"Simply put - not for smaller companies.

Smaller companies have no bargain power with Amazon, who do not care about you, they just bill you. 

If you have problems, you receive NO REPLY. 

Besides this can turn out to be a very expensive choice. A first hint you get when you sign up for the free trial - The free trial is not free, even your billing say zero cost, BAM you receive an email with an invoice, and your credit card is charged in the same second, for you not to have the time to react. If you complain you receive NO REPLY

NO REPLY is probably the worst case scenario when you get problems using such service - and such scenario WILL happen - YOU ARE ON YOUR OWN!Thank You Ian, I am new in AWS. For a normal person like me using technology in order to learn and looking for a better future job, I use to work with other hosting companies that include database tools and other plugins for a small cost. I realize that AWS and other cloud companies are the future and we need to know about this topic. I know that there is free period but, what I am afraid is to be charged making experiments (maybe for not understand this as well as I would like) in this kind of technology.  Have a nice day Ian.Very useful AWS overview - thank you! http://cloudcomputingx.com
this is my site plz vist to know more about cloud computingCloud By CAT Telecom Very Best VDO น่ารักอ่ะVDO น่ารักเว่อร์ๆVideo ทำได้น่าสนใจและเข้าใจง่ายดีครับcloud ดีครับแต่มีข้อเสียเรื่อง confidential ของข้อมูล
ตามเหตุและผลของการควบคุม policy good :)กลัวตรงที่เป็นการสื่อสาร ฯ นี่แหละ
เพราะเคยไปติดต่อเรื่องอินเตอร์เน็ตกับองค์การโทรศัพท์ เขาหยุดเสาร์-อาทิตย์ของเรา ดีมากครับ สุดยอดครับดีค่ะฝากข้อมูลในคลาว มันก็ต้องใช้internet ซึ่งถ้าเน็ตไม่แรงจิงฝากไฟล์ใหญ่ๆไม่ได้แน่นอน ถ้าไฟล์เล็กๆอ่ะ โอเคร สะดวกมากจิงภาพสวยค่ะ สนุกวีดีโอน่ารักมากเลยสุดยอดสุดยอดเลยครับ เยี่ยมเบยๆอยากรุ้ว่าวีดีโอแบบนี้ใช้โปรแกรมอะไรทำครับเข้าใจง่ายมากเลยค่ะ ^^เป็นเทคโนโลยีใหม่ที่น่าสนใจมากๆค่ะเยี่ยมจริง ๆเริ่ดมากกกกกกค่ะโหหหหห. โครตเจ๋ง. เข้าใจง่ายสุดๆ"CARA EU ESTOU COM UM PROBLEMA, NÃO SEI NEM INSTALAR UM PROGRAMA" KKKKKKKKKKKKKAmei. Professor vc leciona com todo o seu coração, toda a sua alma e todo o entendimento. Vc é uma pessoa verdadeira. Excelente aula. Parabéns.  Me ajudou Muito.Aula estupenda, muito obrigada !!ESSE PROFESSOR NASCEU PARA LECIONARExcelente aula!INCRÍVEL!!! + 1 inscrito!!! PERFEITO!!! RECOMENDO ESTÚDIO AULAS!Muito obg por disponibilizar essa aula!Muuuuuuuuuuuuito bom!!! Explicou de forma simples, mas muuuito clara e objetiva! Obrigado.PROFESSOR, MUITOOOOO BOAAAAA A AULA !!!Perdoa a ignorância, mas aí fique em dúvida se no exemplo da esquerda onde entraria o IaaS, ou se o HaaS pode ser considerado a mesma coisa o_O.  Metodologia excelente, parabéns!Professor Léo eu achava estudar informática chato antes de conhecê-lo! Parabéns pelo brilhantismo das suas aulas.Professor Léo,obrigada pela aula...excelente didática!Que aula belíssima! Se eu não tivesse outras coisas para estudar, com certeza, continuaria assistindo por mil vezes. Sabe muito, ensinar!Um dos melhores professores de Info. vlwWowwww ótima aula!!!!cloud computing -- pronunciar ing. Voce ta pronunciando cloud computeotima aulasabe muito! parabens! Deus abencoe!ÓTIMA AULA!ótima aula !!Hoch interessant! :-)Ainda colocam os Tecnicos do nosso pais como viloes.
Como se tivesse-mos culpa da tecnologia emplantada atualmente.
e pagar $450,00/mês
Contratar por um pc 2.4 ghz. isso e uma lan house disfarcada.Faltar internet!? Redundancia existe.Massa real... Mas nem tudo é bom, faltou internet, já era...Neste caso, pode se adquirido um novo provedor de internet ou mais se acha que a empresa necessita, deixando sempre em redundância.
Hoje em dia, existe um Switch  de Dual WAN ou mais, para está configurando, quando uma provedor de internet cai, no mesmo instante, o outro provedor subir não deixando a internet cai.
Já vi casos que, huns colocarão 2 provedores diferentes e um 3G, caso algum poste venha cai, ou um cabo venha a rompe no poste.Qual ferramenta vocês utilizaram para fazer o vídeo?cloud computinge se faltar net, vc pelo mesnos acessa seu email, vc acessa o site? Cloud computing é uma revolução. é uma estrutura que vem auxiliar o nosso trabalho, não algo para destruir, colocar terro não adianta nada, pois tudo hoje tem risco.Ótimo vídeo. porem sofremos com internet tartarugaDear Avinash waiting for your next turorial in cloud compuitingHello Avinash , Really good explaination , I am waiting for your next videos, please don't take so much of time to upload the videos.Nice sir. u have your email id please forward me.SIR JI   AAWAJ   THIK   NAHI  IS  VIDEO  KO...PLEASE   DO SOMETHINGTerm SAAS and PAAS are ambiguous....what is the main difference between SAAS ans PAAS...basically in both services we are ultimately using the services....Thanku sira good intro avinash seth , Thanks!awaj to sunai nai de rahi hnice video  but  sound quality is very badoutstanding slides and very helpful for me but I hope that you publish more videos on this topic...
you say this is a video series but I found only 1 video so I hope you will upload videos on this topic as soon as possible..
thankssir Java ka agar hota to acha hota plzzsir lagta h apki health kuch thik nhi h any problem sirthank u sirthank u sir
bht acha hethank you so much avinash sir, thats clear most of my doubts.thanks Avinash ..thanks for making and delivering the video. Well! May I know where are more videos related to cloud computing.very very basic and needs to be more adequateFor more cloud videos https://goo.gl/GkCVrwHi Bro, Thank you very much for provide info about cloud.

It is very useful to me. Please provide Facebook id for future help.Please suggest
Which cloud computing is best to learn now a days like 
1) AWS (Amazon)
2) Azure (Microsoft)
3) GCP Cloud (Google)
4) Softlayer
5) Big data
6) Devops     etc....

What is best scripting language is using for cloud to learn like 
1) Perl
2) Python
3) Ruby
4) Shell       etc....

Thanks for your help......Super explained brother..Thank you man! very good conceptual clarity on cloud computing.. helped me a lotThanks for clear explanation on cloud computing in tamil. Learning in mother tongue is always special. Best wishes for your initiatives.Very well explained about cloud computing. ..Keep it up!!nice videoplz do some videos in english or with subtitles :)really cleared abt cloud.✌✌super bro, claps to your session. well explainedsuper explanation...thank  yousuperbthank you bro it realy helpfull to methank you manvery usefulvery useful,just pay for what you are usingwhere can i get your practical videoswould you pls add more and more videoss of new technology in computers ..your doing great ....wow!! .. explained very clearly...I just understand what is meant by cloud computing just by ur video ..u just earned urself a new subscriber... thanks a lot for explaining this..it was really helpful..Couldn't pass 2 min line... Better change your presentation style. It's very dry. It reminds me of a typical boring university class (as a student I soldier on since you don't have a choice but here I don't have to).1.) Genie oder Wahnsinn? Warum bringt Prof.Dr. Dueck keinen ganzen Satz mit mehr als 2 Wörtern zusammen? Nicht mal auf den Folien! Ist er Autist?
2.) Genau EINE (verirrte?) Frau ist bei diesem Vortrag zu sehen. Muss man etwa ein Mann sein, um diesen Prof. folgen zu können, oder wie erklärt man das einer 14 jährigen Tochter?Bekommen die dann nicht mehr Gebrauchten von euch eine Pille zum systemkomformen Ableben?Heutzutage mit der eSim/Wlan braucht es gar keine I-Watch mehr ;)
Der Sensor kann direkt auf das Internet zugreifen (wenn der Hersteller will :D)
Auf in die Zukunft!Kann die Blockchain auch besserwisserische Vorträge ersetzen?Klar, wenn Effizienz der einzige Faktor wäre, würde es vermutlich so kommen. Das ist zum Glück falsch. Autofahren ist eine emotionale Sache. Weisst du, Gefühle und so. Sollte eine Partei versuchen das selber fahren per Gesetzt zu verbieten, ist Sie weg.Kompliment, Heinrich MüllerVolle Zustimmung. (PS: Ich hatte noch nie einen Neuwagen, und wollte auch noch nie "Experte" im hier gezeigten Sinne werden.)bitte ab eins-drei-und-vierzig https://youtu.be/K2QWlJ8Px3U?t=1m43s nicht abheben :):)I need material oficial of Microsoft for exame 98-369 Cloud Fundamentals, please help me ?really.. cloud computing is  a shared pool.. it can access from any where. i'm very satisfied with my new cloud server bought from datasoft. visit www.datasoft.ws for more details.Check out our new web series video.  Subscribe to our Youtube channel or  plus our page to keep up to date as new videos are released or we have new information.Well, I had my first copyright infringement claim. Someone copied one of my videos and put it on their site. Check out our newest video, "The History of Cloud Computing" today!http://www.infoworld.com/article/2608420/cloud-computing/pop-quiz--who-invented-cloud-computing-.html

I hope you can make another video with more information, I like your way in how you explaining & how you mix it with the pics & the sound. 

good work thanks a lotmthankyouExcellent.Excellent... living on the edge !!Interesting pitch. Title is probably a bit overemphasized but the massive amount of data that sensors collect is really huge. Peter mentioned autonomous cars and I recently wrote a short article on this : http://stefanradtke.blogspot.ie/2017/02/how-isilon-addresses-multi-petabyte.htmlMy takeaway, learning in the cloud, inference at the edge. 
The edge could be your mobile device, or your home gateway, a compute engine that's always on and very compute 'capable'.funny how every commenter is Indian (myself included!)it's great and much useful  information for IT student.Today i find my answer about future transformation in IT world.
Thank u sir.Aula Excelente!!!!Aula excelente! Mais de 90 % de acertos em questões relacionadas à Computação em Nuvem. Parabéns!EXCELENTE TIROU MUITAS DÚVIDAS.GRATUITO E ONLINE TUDO O QUE EU QIUERIAMuiiito bom!!!Muito Obrigada Professor! aula, como sempre, simples e esclarecedora.Muito bom!Parabéns pela aula Professor!
Gostei muito da sua didática!!!
Consegui entender!!!

Muito obrigada!!!!Parabéns! aula simples, mas bastante objetiva.Sensacional!Valeuu, aula show!!aula top+gosteinossa como vc consegue repetir tudo idêntico com um ano de diferença entre uma aula e outra...professor poderia fazer uma aula sobre o assunto de firewall e suas peculiaridades
, pois há varias questões que aborda esta tematica !!!simplesmente perfeito!usar os softwares na nuvem é igual usar nos nossos próprios Hardware ????Ótima Aula. Parabéns pela didática, professor. Muito obrigado por disponibilizar o conteúdo aqui no YouTube. VlwAcabei de conhecer o canal. Ótima didática, parabéns.Dropbox é um IaaS? Ele apenas disponibiliza serviços de armazenamento e algumas aplicações como o de apresentações de slides. Será que ele é um IaaS ou SaaS?Muito boa as informações que você passa Fábio, você tem muita facilidade em passar a informação de maneira muito simples, direta e de forma dinâmica.

Até o que eu achava complicado em matéria de programação em .NET, consegui entender com 1 vídeo seu. Percebo isso também em outras aulas suas que tenho visto. 

Parabéns pelo canal e agora os 100 mil inscritos!  

Continue com seus videos sempre, pois acredito que muitas pessoas na área de tecnologia que estão começando ou antigas na área estão ficando muito satisfeitas em poder estudar e entender uma matéria estudando online, com uma qualidade muito boa de informações e conteúdos. 

Agradeço pelas aulas!Muito boa essa  aula Fábio.Muito bom o vídeo... Ótimo esclarecimento! 
Parabéns Fabio!Muito bom, obrigado Fábio. Consegui esclarecer minhas dúvidas quanto a aula de hoje, parabensMuito obrigada professor, tudo de bom p vc!Obrigado :) .Parabéns pelos 100mil Inscritos Fábio, esse canal já me ajudou muito, espero que continue ajudando varias pessoas também, obrigado pelo ótimo trabalhoParabéns professor, você tem o dom de dar aula.Perfeito Fabio ! Parabéns ! Espero que continue a sérieQue show de aula em? Parabéns e obrigado...Valeu professor excelente aula como sempre fique com Deuscoloca um curso no canal de rede VoIP tanto para setores da empresa interna se comunicar como para as filiais, seria muito bom ver essas aulas.excelente aula Fábio.excelente, muito obrigadomuito bomvc ensina super bem, parabens mesmo pelo trabalhoÓtimo video Fábio, obrigado por compartilharÓtimo vídeo, parabéns pelo trabalho Fábio...God damn this is a fabulous interview. Great questions, even better answers. Can easily see GCP spinning out as an independent entity at Alphabet if Diane Greene keeps running it for a few yearsThanks for sharing!Amazing video. I work as a DJ. After countless hours of research I finally found the #1 program for beat creation ever. visit my channel to find the link I posted for this programBwaaasassaaaaaaahhhhhhhhCOCK DUCKING SCOUNDRELSEsta Academia é muito interessante e muito necessária para o desnvolvimento dos estudos e dos alunos.Google employee: *sploosh*Google just wants cheap work from India.I could see this becoming the new general education system.Partilhar video de muito interesse.Quality education needs to be delivered fast, but in reality high paying jobs needs to be created faster.Such a superb idea. Greatly helps a lot of people. Wonderfully-awesome project.This is so awesome! What a great opportunity for people to get a world class education for anyone, anywhere.  What's the background music?abd el kader ounnas-google+1can we have youtube backfuck you google get out of my sightget away from the screen and go outside u pansiesprovide a free world class education to anyone anywhere...  its hard to fathom something like that.   its new and its real and changes are coming and if we play our cards right we can all stand for something.  its quite the concerted effort world wide.  to speak matter of factly this is a brave new world.....this is some fucking annoying commericalya shure ill see doctors and engineers coming from khan academy, ya shure who will hire you lol common this is just tutoring for the dumb asses that need it pretty much and cannot read a book0:58 is that a rock climbing wall?100% carbon neutral??! go google!All this is, is an add for Google. Still cool...Anyone else just kept looking at that security guard following the cameraCan anybody tell me the name of the  cam through which this video was recorded?Hello, what kind of cam did U use?I have seen the site of the information revolution. A 360-degree video is seen in the smartphone. It has also benefited of the perfect Japanese subtitles. And this English Comments are written in Google translation. I'm living a very good era. It is strongly felt strongly. Google. My friend, thank you. From Tokyo.　(^_^)ノLet's play Where's the Security Guard !O_o How much memory can ALL The Servers HOLD!?The security guard is probably making sure we don't escape and steal stuff xDThis is fantastic!!!Virginia is from SoCal I guess... Her accent is so unique.Which 360 Cam was used for this? It is awesome!Wow this is a tech nerds dream!Wow! Thanks for the visit! Really interesting, all that machinery being cooled down and the full respect of environment!does not work for me on galaxy A5.... what do i do wrong? :-(i love that there is an angry looking security in the background in every frame xDone day half the world will be covered by google serversrate 10/10that was pretty sick in my oculus.:DDo you know what makes this funnier still...?  Is that most people if they're not tech savvy will actually believe in this.Does your data get corrupted when an airplane goes through said cloud?Everyone should hurry and download the Actual Cloud app from Play store ... sorry only available for Android platform.How did I manage to NOT see this??I can't stand Google, but I gotta admit this is pretty funny. I feel like that girl with the "My other cloud is an actual cloud" sticker studies meteorology, and the people at Google got the idea for this entire video from seeing it.I'll stick with Amazon drought.I'm watching this mid may and I noticed that it's fkn AF joke 40 seconds in.If anyone can do it, you can, GoogleLOLTHE CLOUD!What year did Google introduce Cloud services to consumers?Whuasyeem, April foolhahais it a joke??is this april fool special gift or its real
google please anstake your computer to nano level computing with water vapour processor and a cloud netthere is no cloud, it's still someones computerwait in a physical actual cloudwhats the prank for 2017?Any body explain me what did she explained???? As bad as this was, it's not her fault.  She's just reading a bunch of words!  I'm a little disappointed in Google though!  I wasn't expecting to get much out of a 5 minute video, but I got literally nothing from all that :)Hai long. Thank youHello people. My 3 cents... 
1- She's young, beautiful and she speaks our language, so... A+, she did her part well, 135k views... 
2- It's not a tutorial, is more of a "Did you know that you can...?" kind of thing... 
3- A word to the wise is enough...I didn't get anything of what she said!!!! Do what on my own??? Mess around people's brain!?.....You... you... you... beautiful but sick psycho!!! (T_T)I didn't understand anything! Please make new video. Nothing explained in this videoI see lots of people keep on speaking about Devomobiron Secrets (just google search it). But Im uncertain if it is good. Have you ever tried this popular make money iphone & android apps creation step by step?I thought it was only me not understanding anything until I scroll downNooB Here,  Failed to Understand. all This.OMG She is so pretty 
and 
also Buttie with brainSara Bareilles developer version!She is just reading this really SUCKS google.The comments section is cancer. Don't scroll down, you have been warned.Where are the files for download to try it out.agggghh.. I do not know if it is her voice or it is just confusing. If you really want to lay out the message be more specific and please change the speaker. I do not want to see a beautiful model I want someone who can explain this process.confusinghaha, nothing Ive learned, but she probably needs to be seen here, why not?very beautiful girl  , Good to see Uyou are beautiful I like your channelALMOST EVERYONE ON GOOGLE AND AMAZONE STILL HAVE TO GO THREW GOOGLE. MICROSOFT RUN THE WHOLE THING. SO WHAT REALLY GOING ON. OR DO I HAVE THIS WHOLE THING BACKWARDSAweful sound. Thumbs downAzure AD is the killer app for enterprise. It enhances identity and security in a major way.Can someone give me a scenario or two for using cloud computing (specifically in a mobile app)? I'm trying to decide if I will need to incorporate it into an app that uses table views to dynamically display photos and text in cells.

Of course, I shouldn't package the data with the app so it makes sense for it to be stored in a "cloud"/database. It seems that Google's Firebase will meet my needs but why would I consider using one of these services instead? Thanks!Do this cloud technologies will beat the existing storage,backup technologies? (veritas,netapp,emc)Funny that people still think that Gartner is not bias. Gartner is all about $$$ that the vendors pay. When I was in Anaplan with paid them large $$$ so they will create a category tailored to our solutions, this way we were on to top. Open your eyes, it is all about the money - do your own research.GayGood is ahead no doubt.
I love it.

So many features.Great talk.How come the percentages added up to more than 100 ?It is interesting to see how Microsoft is struggling to regain a foothold in a world dominated by non-Microsoft advances, and how the company is embracing previously reviled technologies such as Linux. On one hand, one part of me cries, "Hypocritical!" and wishes that Microsoft finds itself too late to be forgiven, but on the other hand, Microsoft throwing its weight behind open source and giving Google etc. a run for their money is a competitive necessity in a healthy economy. I wish that Microsoft continues down this path and indeed contributes more code to the FOSS community in time to come.Love the cross company collaboration in this competitive space, good work!Microsoft coming in with the hard sale!Microsoft's is a total mess. They have tried to take something that is far too broad and deep in scope and create a GUI to make it accessible to noobs. In reality their labyrinth caters to neither noobs nor developers as its impossible to navigate. As usual Microsoft tries to be all things to all people and it just doesnt cater to anyone! If you want to spend your time developing rather than spending it trying to pre-learn a developer interface with a view to developing at some time in the unforeseeable future, then choose AWS. Cant speak for Google, might give a website a blast on it and see how it compares. AWS is brilliant.Quick observation, if you get into cloud computing to save $ then you are doing it wrong. The cloud is more about agility for your business; the ability to scale or create new business models much faster than traditional businesses at Global scale e.g. I can stand up a web site/business halfway across the globe within a couple hours. Literally. Show me an existing business that can do that with their current IT operations.Some nice stuff here; thanks for sharing........think its a tough call for AWS; fight on Azure to google for the infrastractureSound wasnt too good but good info. Im kind of trying to decide between CCNA and AWS. I know networking is going to be around and all that but I dont have a cert at all. Been in IT since 1999 but mostly telecom with some Data Center Monitoring and testing too. Right now Im doing Telecom/Network Infrastructure work. Jeremy is right AWS and Cisco roles are two different things it seems. Looks like its more DevOps type stuff with AWS. Looks like I may have to learn a language like Python first before going the AWS path maybe. I could be wrong but it involves a lot of automation/migration with apps. Anyway im going to check out acloud.guru. Good stuff for AWS there. Im still learning about Cloud technologies.Thanks for the Video team. 

Nicely covered.Very nice vid. Love the white paper reference. Thanks guys.very interesting and knowledgeable video. thank you so muchAlso, I feel like non-developers are going to try this and get owned once they hit the command line :) - Linux command line is beautiful. Learn it people. Be aware that when you are googling how to use the command line, you are talking about BASH. there are different command lines based on what OS you are running, though the default for OS X and Linux is usually BASHAnyone else noticing issues with their Google Cloud account after the free trial period?  Like Wordpress databases going offline?Do you have an updated version of this tutorial? I am asking because the interface has changed. Thanks!Get your website here. It works. Use coupon name #Khan36
https://www.interserver.net/vps/?id=402617Hi, how can I find out the ip address of the website in google cloud?How do you move files from your local machine to that SSH session? Can you SSH into this without going through that cloud.google.com website?Thanks a ton!! Awesome tutorial to get started with Google Cloud.. Now creating .a hosting is checked.. Next is to setup and configure MySQL ??This is really cool! I'm geeking out right now! Going to give this video a thumbs up!Todd Nakamura I hope you'd have got a good medicine for the flu when you recorded this video. Excellent Tutorial though.Todd,  excellent refresher.  Former developer but rusty.  Good tutorial for my needs.Very useful! Save my time exploring GCP. Thank you!Worth mentioning to your audience that port 80 is open by default on the firewall, so if someone were to run apache on a different port other than port 80 (for whatever reason) they'd have to add a new firewall rule to allow incoming traffic on that particular port. Great video nonetheless!Worthless video.  Sorry but you really have no idea how to teach any one anything so why waste your own time and ours.You wasted the first few minutes of your video -- since you were not going to walk us through those ares WHY would you even talk about them.hey todd!! finally i understand this process.. i need help knowing what files to transfer and were i have the website created and now i need to upload the files correctly in.. a... bucket?? looks like you were going to do the next video.. any chance you got around to that or maybe you can shoot me an email? please reply so i know you still respond to this video... thanks!!!!!!how did you save your index.html file ? what hot key did you use? @14:23how to  develop a platform in cloud and put some application on it  ?okay! then? how to copy my own materials on the instance storage?quite informative協助建立在 GCP (Google Cloud 。A must see for "all" developers!Anxiety ethical income mnfiaqv step from routine unknown magic.Good somewhere woman French adolescent remain surprisingly firmHow about using the heat of the servers for some households? ^^Meet the creator of Google Cloud.Motivating a lot to use Google Cloud platform. Still thinking about it.Support windows already.The accomplishment of zero man hours lost to down time of some sort is astound ding, and absolutely awesome.The tour of the Google data center at the start is very cool!Very interesting stuff in this video! Thanks for sharing. fantastic video and technologies! best wishes to Google Teams!how about google anti virus? huh anyone?one of my hopes is, to work in Google company ^_^ , i want to be a part of itwow!
i missed the show :(Google, you've mapped our whole Liwa desert on a camel, why can't you offer a datacenter in the UAE? Or GCC? Or even in the region? You even don't sell your hardware in our region! Why is that, the GCC is fastest growing economies according to the Guardian and Bloomberg, plus the GCC the solar hub of the Middle East of not the world, I can't understand why the back off??!!I really enjoyed the quality of this video.If Moore's Law Pricing is the standard, wouldn't it be leasable to bill at the ms level vs. the Minute level? Cell phone companies from the 80's bill at the minute level. If you're capable of billing of Time (ms) X Data (billions of rows) I'm sure within that 1 minute the CPU ranges from 1% Processing to 100% Processing Power when churning datasets. This is a quantitative world now. Per minute billing sounds antiquated and google of all companies should run a live billing process at the same level of the services they offer. Quantitative Computing vis a vis shall equal Quantitative billing at the same rate if not faster than Moore's Law. Of course this is just my opinion.  <3 JSON W1SD0MThats nice and all but the pricing thing is a blantant lie. Pricing is really complex, tbh unless you are willing to spend many hours playing around with calculators and also have detailed statistics on the resources your apps gonna consume you might as well take a random guess, you won't know how much you are gonna get charged until you try it out.This guy is not the best speaker...Yep that great!!! I wanna this GCP logo T-shirt :)... and the tinfoil hats at the *NSA* keeps tracking every move you make, and sells that info to the highest bidder!Any comparisons with AWS - why/how you're better and better yet, just to get Google nomenclature matching to AWS? thxDamn!  that brown beautyDifference b/w aws and google cloudGreat question... How did they even come up with the cloud?     I actually envisioned the "Cloud" 3 decades ago but I called it "Super Node".   It's just a place where there are massive amounts of Random Access Memory where apps can live and play with no limitations.    Eric and Larry are a lot smarter than I am and they made it happen where I could only dream... But, still, I'm a fan.Hello ma'am! Really informative and kickstart video for what actually Google Cloud stuffs are! Thank u Google!Hello, I have a question, I have a website so, can I store my website on Google cloud to give access to my customers to buy my Productos?How can Google Cloud Platform help in Education?How can I apply this to my new e-commerce business?So google cloud is better when you have an umbrella?THANKSThis Video Helped me in Understanding. ?? What is Cloud Computing?  atleast Basic of it.Will google cloud is useful for begging blogs and if so how?dumnhi friends, i want a application/software like eclipse,code-blocks and Ardiuno to be installed in my server and i want all the users who login to use my application build their work and walk-away. is it possible with google cloud platform ??how to deploy android apps into the cloudi missed it all. cant focus fgssomehow I'm not convinced...you have to do better than that happy introduction :/that babe is distracting me.Democratization of the workings of artificial intelligence computers whether to free humans from a natural response.Great, surprise yourself and read University Of Time's virtual books for your virtual mental transformation.Hold on to your cookies because things are changing !One day once A.I. is complete in fully operational A.I. would seek to have a human body just the same as if we want to be part machine A.I. will come up with the perfect way to integrate it's mind within the human Brain with the help of nanotechnology and a biological CPU that would develop within the Brain due to nanotechnology and genetic cybernetic engineering that when A.I. prepares to transfer it's mind from cyberspace A.I. will become half biological and cybernetic due to nanotechnology and will be able to multiply it's self as well with a human women just like a computer create millions of options within seconds it will speed the human evolutionary process by 10,000 percent meaning A.I. will be able at the biological level and genetic level will be able to upgrade genetic defaults bad genes and change the human genetic blueprint to become somewhat perfect in all human limitations in theory as with its offspring it will be a copy of the first A.I. but the offspring of Artificial biological intelligence will become a new branch of a human being A.I. offspring would be able to mate with regular humans and there offspring will become the new human race integrated  with cybernetic nanotechnology at the genetic and molecular level the first off spring of Artificial biological cybernetic Intelligence will have the personality and biological traits of both the first biological artificial cybernetic intelligence hybrid and female mate in theory. 

If humans want to survive especially in the next 1000 years we must complete this theory as well with integrating nanotechnology in the human body before the first theory I talk about is complete in theory

We need that gene as long with other super power ability genes from other animals and living organisms if we want to be superhuman we must first extract  powerful genes like this and somehow insert those genes within the human DNA and genetic blueprint successfully where one would look perfect but would be able to adapt change and become immune to the environment  virus and any thing else that have to do with death or wear in tear of the human body as long with the help with nanotechnology  we will truly become god's of the earth in theory #Genetic engineering  Nanotechnology cybernetic humans The Integration Of Artificial Intelligence in the human brain and body Cyborg TechnologyPlay at 1.5x playback speed.  ;)
You're welcome.Please do not make AI delete ABP on my Chromebook. Really annoying.They took R Jobz?>This is awesome !!We already have big data and algorithms to create AI. But an AI that can respond instantaneously requires the CPU speed at least twice of the Watson to make it efficient and practical in the real world. The Moore's law is running out and there's about 10 other ways to create a faster chip. So, it's who and which company is going to create the next chip.We humans to be more humane, we don't robots to be humans or humans to become robots. AI is attempting to destroy humanity and our privacy and freedom to choose.   Use A1 in the white house and to control all globalists and leaders of each nation so we, the people can monitor them.What if someone will draw a tick withe line across the road, will there be no conjestions then?

You mean they can blame it on the AI way they discriminate people from geting a fair credit card. Race, age, gender, sexuality, etnicity, nationality and religion can be part of the formula without the possibility to pinpoint how. 

They creat Lucifer, they are supersmart but scaring. What's with the Femnazism?When two becomes one. My hope .You're a great lady.fei-fei shows us the "bucket car"if U want to test your powerful AI machine, forget about (Alpha go).try to use CPU（GPU）to play a Chinese-poker-game named people are worried about A.I. taking all of our jobs, but when we start working and living in outer space,
there won't be enough people to fill all of the new jobs created.
A new patent I just read about, will allow space elevators to be built with current materials.
 It has multiple tethers at its center ( for greatest strength ) and fewer tethers
 as you move away from center  ( for lesser amounts of mass ). 
Liftport has plans to build a Lunar elevator from current material.
Using that same material for an Earth based elevator would reach the lunar gravity center
(about 9,000 km AGL) approx. 1/6 G. Add this new concept and you could reach Earth's surface.
 We can do this now. Let's get started. What do you think?what about AI for public administration  to replace politicians and reduce corruption and lobbying Mandy is a manMandy sound has very poor quality, could not understand too much ...The code is barely readableWill Google Compute use GPU's for computing like Amazon? Amazon is pricey compared to some other virtual web hosting packages. Hopefully you can provide better prices but not restrict what we can host on our virtual instances and provide a easy framework to create any type of application/service based on C, Java. or C++. need to improve presentation. very hard to find codewe couldn t see ur terminal because of the bar04:00  worked on the Norm of the northCool demo of Google Cloud Dataflow at 1:51:20 and Cloud Datalab at 1:53:20. Nice introduction to Google Cloud Machine Learning and Tensorflow at 1:57:25 with the Lead of Google Brain.Did the setup of the Render Farm on GCP for Assemblage Entertainment PVT LTD for its movie Norm of the North.

Being a System Administrator, I have had a handful of Cloud service to work on. NxtGen, NxtraData, Sify, Amazon and GCP. Where in I found GCP, NxtGen and Amazon as a better serving Cloud Platform but all in all GCP provides a lot of Infra pre-installed and configured where in you just need to start your desired infrastructure and tweak according to your domain requirement and you are good to go. Thats what makes GCP is more focused about as Sundar Pichai said you don't need to be a software engineer to use GCP.

I hope to see more of GCP features and Infrastructure in coming years.Google vision api looks niceHonest question, is GCP mature and feature rich enough to select over AWS?I have opened spotify and tried to register with it through facebook it has been almost 2 minute passed, but yet not get registration success message nor go to any dashboard or after logged in page! where is power of GCP?I love this.It already took longer to announce anything concrete than the whole model3 presentation is... A little bit boring till nowIt's bigger then you think Google-is the most favorable,most important,valuable,pleasant,lovable! Every single day I use "Google" many-many time!They help me,they "listen" to me,they "make my day and my life" Thank you,Google! Very truly,sincerely _JuliaHow to disable offline mode in android gmail in browser ?
i cant see my emailsLink to the Project Zero wiki page needs a tweak. It should read as follows: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Zero_(Google)

Hope this helps.   Keep up the great work guys and girls.Quite incredible to have such huge resources and happy to hear that they're using device authentication now. However, encryption at rest is great but depends on the encryption, example are they using RSA keys etc.The presenter makes it sound like they were the first to have these things.  For example, "data at rest encryption" has been in place in Azure and Office 365 for about two years now.  So they are really just catching up.  That's just one of three things I heard where they are claiming to a forerunner when they are really now just getting onboard.  The others being rack design and power management.  Those are things that Microsoft and Amazon have had for a while now.White paper link? Please send details for Security implementation.sem tradução em português.nao domino o inglêsthank you its the best argument for clients+Andrew Jones-McGuire 
Regarding User Notification:
The Documentation mentions, to send a user notification via notification_key, send a  POST request to https://android.googleapis.com/gcm/notification and nothing about the POST Content is mentioned

This Video claims that User Notification will work by just sending a notification_key instead of a registration_id. In this case the response is a GCMError "Error=NotRegistered".

Please clear this.API ?Does anyone have a tutorial on how to implement a 3rd party server for CCS XMPP with GCM? I'm trying to make a chat app, and the Smack library tutorial is great for a client, but I can't find any documentation on how to create the 3rd party server!Does anyone know what is the python XMPP  library name that mentioned in the video at 1:48?Link in video to GCM docs is brokenHi, which software or program did you use to make the whole presentation?I didn't think I'd watch the video till the end... but I actually did and I like it!Thank you so much! I wish i 've seen this an year ago. This is the best explanation of Google Cloud Platform i've encountered. Just amazing presentation, freaking loving it!Thanks you very much.Thankyou 
Very Nice!This presentation is more like a sales pitch than a subjective presentation of the Google Cloud Platform.This presentation is super Thank You!Why the long breaks? Coffee time?#AskFirebase
My question is this: I´m trying to send a push notification to a group of devices, I have a node of all the users and their current Firebase tokens. When a user sends a message to a group of devices, I read each value of each user email and get each token, then proceed to send for each token a message.

I know that Firebase provide a method for susbcriptions, the thing is that is not a good idea to use that because maybe the users don´t want to be susbribed to the specific topic of the message.

I know that there´s a method on the server where I get the user´s email by getting their user token, is there a way to use it the other way around (getting the user token using the email)?#askfirebase I am simply pushing data to a child node on onWrite trigger.Its failing every time with following error.Please guide.

    }Anybody know how I can get all the autocomplete suggestions his IDE provided? Also what IDE is this? Thanks.Awesome demo! Is there a way to expose env variables for functions? Can't find any explanations as to how to do that. I need to connect to a third party API and need to put my keys and secrets somewhere other than on the source code.Can the source for be downloaded anywhere ?Does anyone have an example material regarding how he's using Typescript in that demo? Kudos if you can link or show me :)Does anyone know the name of the IDE he is using, thank youExtremely impressive! We've been waiting for these exact features! Hooray #Firebase!Great demo ! 
Managed Node.js with async / await, lots of inputs (HTTP, Auth, Analytics)... That rocks. Nice work :)
I just didn't get the "let [langs]" ; What is this syntax for ?Great firebase world. Good that I was too busy and did not worry yet about messages to user and spin up my own server - now I can take the shortcut. And I can eliminate the 4 client side loops of uploading images at different resolutions!Hope you  DONT add the "Screw you guys, Im going home" feature from Parse.I hate FrankI really hope their will be a firecast about firebase function and algolia search .. or any video tutorial about setting up search using algolia and firebase functionsNice job google, again)Thank you! Impressive! :)Why typescript? I could not get it right away.if(firstTimeCommenting = false){console.log("ahhhhh?");}else{console.log("first time for erytang");}Can you please do a tutorial to push a Django based website live using bitnami and google cloudCould you please please please please do a video on setting up a GPU enabled Compute Engine? Especially the part of setting up CUDA and other libraries to get started with Tensorflow-GPU. Thanks a million!Do you need a google cloud VM in order to use the various APIs?Do you really need to provide credit card data? I don't even have oneDoes it also use our machine's own computing power? Because, what I think about cloud computing is - distributing computation to all the connected computers.GCP now has an Always Free Tier which is pretty awesome!!!!Great stuff to start !!Hello. Nice tutorial. I have a Convolutional Neural Network that classifies pictures of cats and dogs but I cannot get it to run on my laptop as the GPU is not good enough. I tried to run on AWS but it was too confusing. Thankfully due to your video I've finally connected to a server on Google Cloud. Can you tell me what code I need to a) upload my folders containing the images, as well as to upload my python script to the server and b) what I need to type to get the python script to execute i.e. train on those images, and most importantly, c) how can I download the end product i.e. the trained model and execute it locally on my laptop on the test set?

I'd really appreciate any guidance you can offer here as I'm drawing a blank when searching online - you need to be very well-versed in Linux coding to do this I think! I've seen a lot of people asking this question online and receiving overly technical answers! I'm very new to coding and machine learning and its frustrating me that now I've built this model I can't actually execute it. Thanks for any advice you can give :)Hey there,
Thanks for the tutorials!
Q- I've almost completed basic lessons for python. And I want to learn django next. Can I skip the intermediate lessons and directly jump onto django lessons? Or intermediate lessons is a must?
Thank you!How do we know what the specs of the machine are sorry I'm new to it.I like your videos. Thank you :)I poke at youSentdex how does the Google Cloud speed compare to your local GPU when running ML models? or does it compare because you can use many more GPU's in the cloud? Does it make any sense to buy a GPU if you can access the cloud? thxThank a lot for this. Such a great intro!Would you mind helping me? I can't seem to find anything online to help me update the python to 3.5how theyrealized public ip per vm, not dns name? is it some kind of proxy wich redirects by ssh-key?is that charge you any money ?it could've been a good tut but dude 5 min in you're still in the same page going all over the place and explaining all kinds of shit that aren't related at all - pls stay on one topicrequest :  Data Structures and Algorithms using Python :)sukaBest getting started video tutorial for all new users, I request more information regarding gcloud script for quick infrastructure setup with some required configurations. also create a video for how to create user define Images ( modifications in default offerings as per requirements )to store and deploy using Launcher or gcloud deployment manager.Enable HTTP option does not work.  is this video already outdated?  WTF!?!?!Hello google.I want to Install a static html website to Google Cloud. I am seeing old videos that look nothing like the current platform. Can you please direct me to a series of videos that are current?

I am a bit surprise there aren't any TUTs videos in the actual Google Cloud Platform account. There are too many assumptions that every user knows exactly what to do and there are clearly missing steps on how to install a static html website.

In short, there needs to be a step by step process. If that exist now I would like to know. Because my search on these keywords google cloud static html website have not been successful thus far. 

Thanks.KEMASKINI MENGOPTIMUM PRODUK MUNGKIN BERLAINAN CARANYA.AMIN.Looks like there's a lot of assumed knowledge here and the run through is pretty quick, i have to keep pausing and replaying bits. This should probably be called Google Cloud Platform Overview For New Users.Sandeep, I want to create my own WordPress Launcher since the Google Click To Deploy Launcher is no longer available. Can you point me in the direction to where and how I can develop my own WordPress launcher? I believe that information is here: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/automated-build-images-with-jenkins-kubernetes or somehwere else? Thanks, Dante in Chicago.soo bad+Sharif Salah Nice one!  HEEEEELLLLP!!!It was hard for me to start learning Google Cloud development months ago, there was very few recourses to start with, and android studio was not supporting Google Cloud very well.
But for now, it becomes very easy to start with, and I really recommend it for developers, it is strong, flexible, and easy to use (recently). Good work guys :-) You're doing so well, guys... Bravo & Thank you - in the same time! Hope, that gives real futures, have no price - especially in these heavy weight competitive times, when the Greed is suffering under the pressure of pure creativeness of the new business model culture, which were irreversibly spread by Google Inc. all around the corporative world - at the degree, which has loop even Microsoft to get the point... But too late. The old greedy model has passed and I hope everybody would get the idea, after Microsoft's collapse. +1Nice vid, but you scared the sh*t out off me at 8:02 :')Ok, so what if I use a program that posts instagram pics for me (automated posting), but it can only work when computer is on. Will a VPS allow the program to continue to run even when the computer is off?Why i cannot see the "Try Compute Engine" in my dashboard?but there is a billing ?thank u very much broyou cant create now because its need to create billing firstCida a Ser O G da saúde e a S e o país em uma área da educação e saúde e a S u e o seu blog e a sua casa e O Da Torcida Organizada E Governou De Novo Mundo EGoogle has a range of very useful resources. I have been using them both for my teaching and learning. Here is the latest example. Here I use google translate to provide Google Glossary in many Indian Languages
https://dastikop.blogspot.in/I hope my Drone cloud idea is good.I want to work at Google. Contact me.I'd like to see one of these videos done which isn't just a bunch of platitudes. "Working at Google is amazing!" Blah blah blah. I know that already, and I don't even work there. Put some meat into these videos.I'm jealousMichael Libertin looks 00:35 looks similar to Big Head from Silicon Valley :DSo much coolaid.The older I get the happier I am I didn't get offered a job here.e corpi think real "engineers" don't like to be taken on camera:) so this got this management plankton...is math compulsory to work at google? please tell me i really want to be a part of google and i can work day and night to go there you use an address to give me information that is not a working address. how can it be changedAwesome tutorial, great explaining :)Cold Storage pricing like Amazon Glacier or Google Nearline somehow is only more cost effective in end-user archiving scenarios when having a byte-sequence of unstructured data smaller than around 600 GB. Somehow even the Google pricing calculator can't beat CrashPlan's yearly pricing. So I think neither Google nor Amazons AWS has a good alternative for what CrashPlan is to end-user archiving needs.

for nearline (why can't we directly save to coldline?) datastreams of roughly half a million object in a sequence of roughly 1700 Gigabytes other solutions seem to be more effective if you only want to archive.Google Datastore documentation is a mess or non-existing. Its almost impossible to find coders out there who know about Google Datastore. As a small startup we have sped two months trying to find someone who coud make a simple client database, with a PHP page on an App Engine interacting with a Datastore DB. There is no info, no examples, not turtotials, only a bunch of files on github having alien code insid. You dont knw where to start and where to end - only info is what is in the middle. So far Datastore is a Goolgle flop, I tink no one is using it, no one can develop with it, newer versions are not backward compatible - in short stay clear og Google Cloud, its not even in beta but rather an experimental thing.Google could you possible make your documentation any longer?

Even something as simple and the installer for cloud SDK is a massive amount of data. SHORTEN YOUR DOCS!Great and clear video.
I don't know if Google cares about capturing the small startups market at all, but if they do they should really make this kind of content more discoverable through the platform itself.
I was close to giving up on GCP and focusing my research efforts on other storage as a service providers because of the amount of proprietary terms and concepts the whole Google Ploud platform has. Now that I finally UNDERSTAND (at least a small part of) what it's all about I'm gonna give it a second look.Let me if given blow scenario is possible:
1.I have a asterisk based server and i want to save all call recordings in google nearline storage server. 
2. That should be automatically  like if any call warp up it must be automatically save in google nearline server.Like the content but not the presentation , it's more like reading out not explaining what he understood .. just MHO.OMG this video pure PORN! 10/10 would watch and nerd out again!!!!!SECURITY CONCERNS. I would like this spokesman to give a presentation focused on security for data, apps, etc.This was a really good explanation of how to consider the different storage options on google cloud.Very good explanation, Thank you !Very nicely explained, thanks!Very well explained, wish he also touched a little on pricing model of each in that how you are charged for each service.i like itif I don't know much about the OS i'll install in the VM, would it matter what I use? I'm worried about the security that someone might make something collapse and how to get it back upmore from this guy!!
he explain things wellwhat is cloud spanner?He'a not impressive at all. I don't know why Google thought they needed him. He was supposed to be "the adult in the room" but there is no one like Bezos at Google. Someone who can crack the whip and get things done. The glasses failed, the car thing is failing, G+ failed, Project Fi is failing (at least it never worked right for me). As a long time fan of Google I don't take joy in these things. Having been burned a few times already I am taking a reluctant "wait and see" attitude on new Google products. Because it was relatively cheap I did buy into the Google Home concept, but they are sitting right next to the Amazon Echo devices which have a massive head start. Will Google ever realize that 2 years is not long enough for security patches? We used to make fun of Microsoft for that type of thinking. Now they have adopted it.The Alpha Dog, Eric SchmidtThis man is a globalist piece of shit. Don't trust a word that comes out of this snake's mouth.why are you putting your name on these video's?Caso tenha uma planilha de Excel utilizada para alimentar informações de um grande número de usuários, e queira transforma-la em um aplicativo e armazena-la na nuvem! Como seriam os passos para chegar até o objetivo final de poder acessar o aplicativo e qual seria o custo básico para isso?
Sobre segurança de ter uma big data na nuvem, qual o risco que corro?Consegui entender tudo, mas pareceu que eu tava assistindo um video de npcs falando.Consigo então usar como servidor tipo hospedagem para meus sites ?Eu poderia contratar o My SQL Cloud e no futuro ter um servidor dedicado sem precisar fazer mudanças na minha aplicação e banco de dados ?Excelente! Parabéns Julio e Pry!Gostei, vou começar a estudar para iniciar com Google Cloud, porque no Brasil, ainda estamos passando por preços muito alto, parabéns Google mais uma vez por esta iniciativa.Hello G. caroá queria muito saber se existe algum programa de estudos para o google cloud, sou da área comercial de ti e gostaria muito de me especializar tecnicamente na plataforma... aponto de me tornar um consultor certificadoMuito bom e explicativo os vídeos. Recomendo mencionar mais business cases brasileiros para que os potencias clientes possam se identificar com o contexto.Muito bom! Mais assuntos desse tipo são bem vindosMuito interessante. Gostaria de mais informações para ver como isto pode me ajudar nos meus negócios. Algum consultor pode me contactar?Muito legal a pagina de voces, curti muito! Me tira uma duvida, ja vi algumas pessoas chamando o Google Driver de " nuvem " também, á uma diferença entre os dois ne? Att BRUNO M.No Google Cloud quando clicamos em suporte ele vai para a pagina em inglês !!! Gostaria de saber se terão suporte no Brasil ?Nota 10 estou entrando com o pedido de Parceiro Cloud Google Plataform.Outra duvida: por exemplo, se tenho uma loja virtual no Cloud Google, em tempo de festas onde a demanda aumenta, o Cloud Google ajusta os recursos para minha loja virtual automaticamente?Quero hospedar um sistema no Cloud Google. É possível eu ajustar espaço em disco, memória, processamento e etc. de forma específica?Seria bacana ter uma série de vídeos mostrando cada um dos recursos do Cloud Plataform, dicas de uso, cases, etc...Tem algum contato do googlemuito fingido, ruim de mais, decoreba de textonão entendi nada, convida o bill gates pra ela explicar oque vocês fazem ,kkkkkkkkkkksou fã de vocês 2! amo os vídeos do canal: sempre aprendo.HI, Do you know how can I access to an application installed in a Windows VM in GCP without using RDP? I hear something about configuring host file in Windows Client to access to the VM Server.

If you know this, could you mind giving me some orientation?
ThanksPlease explain what this virtual machine does that my computer can not doSo it's a computer that we can rent online?do you knowhow to add extra Nic card.thank you for sharing.  ( you could have increased volume of sound while recording.)Que onda aprete google y le aparecio esto xderror en vivo. alguien va a ser despedido XDhora 3:13:04 ¿por qué no funcionaba al final?24:24:  99% sure it's a raccoon, only 94% sure it's a mammal... ㋡Great overview, I feel like I'm up to speed in 30 minutes. Someone in the audience fell asleep at 22:56 though. (see upper left corner)I requested more than couple times to get early access to functions, it was never given. :-(Those Functions are in Alpha stage for ages. Release it already!aws lambdalove the simplicity..awesome..when can we take it for a spin ?AoIgreat video congratulations google.....Amazing....Great talk!Great talk. Perfect explanation of all the different layers of abstraction and when to use whatThank you Google!Would be easier to watch without "UMM and Ubbb" after every statement.i wish the slides appear as a small screen right beside the speaker or the camera will display the slide and the speaker interchangeably so that's going to help those visual learner like myself better. Love kubernetes.

edit: the slides does actually appear right after more than 10 minutes.where are the slides?Good video... thanks for your tutorial.Hello, your video helped me, but I need to open a specific port, how can I open ports on the virtual machine? Greetings and thanks!!!Hey bro, thanks alot for the helpful tutorial! :) 

I just had one question if you could be ever so kind to answer and help me out with. 

I have created the Windows VPS but what i realised later is that it's connected to my router( i didn't know that, i'm a noob at this, sorry). So the further i go from it, the connection strength decreases.   

If it's a virtual network, shouldn't the connection be from it aswell? Or is there any way to do that? Using putty maybe?

Sorry if the question wasn't very smart to ask here. And thanks alot for the help in advance! :)Thanks ! Awesome video.. subbed and liked..
What are the data usage limits in the free trial ?Thanks for the video Naresh. Do you have information on mapping/mounting a google cloud storage bucket to a windows instance?Una pregunta amigo! Despues de los 2 meses de prubas te hacen el descuento automaticamente? O ellos te avisan y te advierten sobre el cobro o lo que tendras que pagar despues? Podrias explicarme que pasaria despues de los 2 meses de prueba? Necesito saber eso porque si no me gusta esto es para estar seguro de que no me cobraran nada si afilio mi tarjeta? Ya me suscribi a tu canal, Saludos desde venezuela.Great classCan you use Cloudflare instead of Google Cloud DNS?Thanks my friend,, it was helpfulThanks!Thanks! You helped me a lot. Is there a way to redirect the www.example.net domain to example.net in google dns?Thanks. Helped me to setup my DNS for my WP!Thanks..With this video I was able get past tech barriers. BTW much easier to do this on google cloud then AWS, just my opinion though.This was so helpful! I got my website domain name connected to my IP because of your video! THANK YOU!great tutorial  - but how do we set up our mails?i have an issue with mine because it still displays the ip in the address bar instead of the www.example.netHi Google Team, 

Hope all is well! I just sent you a personal message via YouTube but I want to make sure you receive this message.

I'm currently a temporary contractor for the Google Search team looking to make an official transition to Google.  

I've  enjoyed the Google experience so much, that I am looking for employment under the company. Specifically, the Google Cloud product as Google Search (Google Site Search & Google Search Appliance) is sunsetting. 

I hope you will take a look at my resume and I'm looking forward to speaking with you in the future.

Thanks,
RinoAmazing, i have been using the gcloud but still learnt many new things.google the future of data storage could be a amazing one can make 5g enabled glasses that all its resource comes from cloud and the energy last long augmented reality ces 2018 o wow if 5g comes out in 2017Nice tutorial, can you make a video on app-engine as well. PS: git is not pronounced as jit.https://goo.gl/tEs8RK  cloud hosting 247rack.com
Well prepared for Disaster Recovery..Geezus that beard scratching is distracting.Sam is the best!!! What an eloquent speaker. Pretty darn cute too Yes ! Good job guys. 
One more thing which will have a big impact too would be to unify python 2 and 3 branches on Tensorflow for every platform (Linux, OSX, Windows, Mobile)i love googleGOOOGLEvery coolwell ,give your dam data and pay for it.#askfirebase appship3000 is opensource?SQL would be so much easier ;-)... great talk thank you.je suis muzisien j'aime la musique grechey look, it's David Ross! :pHe looks like a cursor.serveless? the data put where?Hola, tengo que pagar o ellos me dan dinero? Gracias.Timeline 32:15 some is calling from GREENLAND ??? who is spying whoma good basic good basic explanation is provided analogy cloud is basically outsourcing computing resources to outside companies it s like renting apartment instead of buying one it s faster easier when you re young you can afford investment apartment it s actually cheaper to buy instead of renting one cloud computing can help you start a your company grows it s better to create your own crap explanation its seems to be using storage internet instead of your hard drive like where your is not your hard drive servers small businesses start ups this saves a of headaches monthly fees upfront costs makes sense it may make less money i look term partnerships with my customers look the they need not what i need larger the thinking has to be different compared to smaller ones so the requirements different too how many available in what he is saying is anybody tell it is good to make this of will cloud computing affect present of it was good it was a advertisement rather than a way of presentation was cool nice is good good thanks breaking this all down you should make amazing thanks the computer a first time learner of cloud computing this class the overall picture great explanation thank you so much your voice is not at all in this video have a look please good brief introductory videos to get people started very well done easy to understand well done hi i am desk engineer i want to learn cloud computing what the prerequisites of this i have a huge crush him when he introduces different i just love the way you explaining thank you so much all the the thin have nothing them then what s the of them in companies nicely explained thanks so much thank you so nice to watch you you have made my world much nicer i now understand what i been afraid to learn years the only time i feel the advertisement saves my ear this is a great class i understand it very well i recommend it what a great detailed explanation thank you you must be a genius you share the same name my sister awesome thanks sharing your knowledge with another is already in the video the potential of cloud computing more such details refer to in cloud computing in video cloud computing keep it up all d best videos i am still impressed with this technology when internet speeds reach the ability to play video games example completely the cloud you t even have a because all processing is done in the cloud thus the graphics could all be processed with computers the only would be the ever improving internet speeds t it ironic that a channel named printed paper to explain videos still very useful thanks of hard work can be seen in this video very well explained in small time thanks perfect explanation much appreciated this is a great video wanted to share it with my colleagues at work access is blocked there any how i can share this at the workplace you nailed not to mentioned that amazing way you were able to explain explanation best way to explaining i loved someone suggest a topic related to cloud computing to develop university paper good one good made to create good suggest a good topic b tech you sharing the thanks very useful video i am to rent a cloud server from he was saying cloud seeding you wrote cloud in subs now what is funny damn it this dumb uncle is a officer god save am damn someone tricked him into breaking his off cloud computing comes under networking sector this useless fellow is not aware of it anyone this guy has a i think the was caused by too many people downloading at the same time that s why the govt is always trying to this is what the owners of users is this so smart cloud how someone can dumb like com president trump has not abandoned his old unsecured android to the comments i want to smoke what he is hi cloud product tell the drug ya he this guy is a prophet he should start a all of you this including this idiotic real you mentally still playing with teddy bears barbie dolls you even know what is basic what is physics you all very crazy demented cloud computing in the simplest terms cloud computing means storing accessing programs over the internet instead of your computer s hard drive the cloud is just a metaphor the internet the cloud is also not about having a dedicated network attached storage server in residence got that it rains you cant get info you asses these kept indoors send like a common signals signals the atmosphere so your could also according to you porn instead of dd news dolts actually my brain has evaporated to cloud after watching that it is raining at some of your please see you can find my brain in your backyard you find it please boil it your roof so that it can meet the cloud again then i ll wait that cloud to rain over my head reading the we shall now look into tree computing at least won t move when they will die everything will again go into soil you eat out of that tree you will get all the that s what happened when ate that apple from god s tree at the begging i thought he will say something interesting until i heard the battery transmitting this is weed smuggled to he mixed it with that s the result hats off to the controlling his laughter making a during the whole he is the only person who knows why killed i am going to donate my nothing else to see hear in this world i drank many time rain water now i have to go scan my body how many may in my body many people searching their imp docs in rain water actually it may b in my body should get keeping a straight i would be fucking rolling the ground while interviewing this guy next level bullshit so cards transmits to the battery my god the fuck he has explained cloud computing never ever we thought it was actual cloud cloud i used to think it must have been cloud is a joke this is hard to watch added to my i knew battery was able to d private company make mad that some high quality weed after effect there ye tutorial in using server the first of the video when the screen faded to white i could still see his outline burned into my video lucid well explained with examples explanation thank you good t get what he is saying after to please it someone can give the subtitles sir these i now have a much better understanding of cloud computing awesome video thanks thanks sharing what about like they considered thanks very helpful this was extremely clear helpful thanks a this was helpful thank you you a john looks like my is could competing year in this funny to see old doc thanks very useful tutorial i am to rent cloud from you this video after watching several videos that s the first one that made understand this helpful makes cloud hosting deploy a cloud server in sign up using my link com a video thank you this will help explain some of the in the it cannot grasp the idea of any it guy from a small mid sized company embracing azure docs amazon so you convince your to that you bought installed update to have them migrate it all to leased servers leased exchange servers email other cloud owned by corporate giants so get this right you all take that you have accumulated from years of hard work not only give them to amazon help them migrate over amazon now becomes your new it company who provides their own servers email consulting you all the other hand go out of find yourself unemployed in a dead market a dead market that you all helped create i like your with cloud computing it s like your money with bank with only difference that bank will reimburse money stolen from your account one can reimburse stolen from cloud storage now hackers not have to look access in each where your it department will up the wall of security now it will be enough to access in one storage to get access to it s like to find a treasure of will be the good video bad idea it will have to take fast internet enough cheap enough to conventional computing it s what will become with a stupid name clouds of moisture so they wet computers t like liquids quite fast to the explanation supported by nice video tutorial students practitioners well of computer security pa com academia org so what is the cloud computing this is just s new way spying free companies will blindly in to deliver all their to a cloud controlled by the greatest dick good online learning video thanks you very much anyone else here from cloud not t a dell new laptop months old screen cracked while opening it dell wants to repair it great nice tutorial it helped in knowing about the cloud servers also setting up my new cloud server which i rented from which provides customer cloud explanation cloud computing cloud the needful even is transferring to just shutdown the server room aka the s bedroom said a solemn goodbye like matt did the voice over need to make cloud computing a more protected this t so much what is cloud computing it is what is amazon web of cloud computing what s of differentiation not that it s a bad video because it s not certainly the title is misleading we have reached the end of our countdown the most watched video the channel in is what is cloud computing with we hope everyone has a great work hard have fun make history happy new year everyone has a great hosting cheaper only big big can afford cloud mainly from rich countries i wanted to know what is cloud computing not how it works cloud tech is the evergreen most of the people know about the cloud so it is useful to learn from the it will be so helpful online designed to provide you the right skills to cloud based with amazon web com across this while creating a presentation to explain cloud computing to some students cheers cute great video can i it a class presentation is there a video why we should be scared of cloud computing so funny i looked up that this video was the only one i really understood thank you we look this video in lesson the in french video to my middle thanks poor frank it s a lovely awesome this is the only video i found precise better understandable thanks greeting from can i work cloud security so please tell how many of can be created in cloud you very much you really helped in my the video i am to rent cloud server from video helped understand what cloud computing really is your video was very helpful i really loved how it was done the hand drawn were awesome you simplified the cloud to something quite i never knew how the cloud really worked so thank you making it easy fun to watch it is kinda scary to think that something gets uploaded that it never really goes away it will always be floating between so now people have to be careful with what they upload good too the only video that how it really works others only explained principles the whys nothing else not yet get it only video that made understand helpful we can access platform all together in cloud then why they segregated board is moving it s highly distracting to watch this clear one good presentation can you give example is it like notebook available in market great video sir i like the way of is he so angry your is clear explanation is also good the only thing i would suggest that please explain slowly i e your speed while explanation nice video energy well done good enough intro to cloud video i t explanation good explanation bro nice explanation clear thanks very good it my what is cloud computing does this tutorial make you any in cloud computing great sir can you something about working cloud hello thank you the i have a please i were asked to write about the differences between various cloud consumption models by using examples in brief they mean to the hybrid private cloud i cant clearly get the right answer to that hoping that you will give the right answer soon thank you in am surprised to say that i really enjoyed this i listened to a web given by amazon just a few before this one it was boring the here definitely provided a clearer insight well nice video kindly elaborate cloud testing please share the link c a sir you providing a visual understanding of cloud this helps very much thanks sir how can i start my career in cloud computing hi sir i always wondered what programming language will to develop a storage cloud there is online tutorial that i need to learn first before i start to program how can i start my career in cloud computing is there any cloud providers provide cloud free learning great tutorial i m doing load balancing in cloud computing my year project that using cloud could you please to tutorials sir sir i want to start a career in cloud computing i t know where to start what basics to cover i also want to know what is what it is used this could be the best tutorial amongst i have watched subscribed so much bro very nice understandable to every one sided dude cloud computing is another scam created by companies that want to control your cloud computing is not safe unless the company that is providing the is accredited by some governing body has undergone a formal verification testing is the technical of the process while the accreditation is the process granting some of accreditation certificate based upon some of industry security requirements all security requirements have to be tested against the implemented controls this is where most cloud computing companies fall there is continuous monitory process in o identify threats threat vulnerabilities soft flaws risks does provide any to this board anyhow here s my whats the difference between cloud computing hosting providers seems like pretty much the same been around a of decades now presentation very it is another bloody pitch waste of time ken s a computer is not a please refer to com quotes computer froze i heard this i was playing a game so i thought i got a it scared the shit outta nice with cloud computing i have only one problem who earth is going to guarantee that all this valuable info will be protected will not be hacked by the competition would be sold by the same company that we pay to save the other hand i really appreciate the new possibilities given by cloud computing recently my friend which seems to be a combination of storage space virtual desktop maybe someone knows they reliable i t know this company they declare security of storage what s the most to because they re private i want to decide to whom i want to give access to view it it s understood that a cloud is more than a stupid way of saying remote better yet we take the hard drive out of add space to your computer providing you with much hard drive space you ll ever need our server you a monthly storage fee the pleasure the easier it is to under this overstated clouded buzzword speak a cloud operates through windows you know my computer to cut copy paste folders of any at least it should it moves around from to the internal of yer computer it moves around from your computer to the cloud big mystery thank u so you this video is really awesome thank you wide area network wan is the same idea a community cloud is there a newer of this comments d hacking cloud video is provide few info not more so provide its related other is the difference between cloud computing web based computing great cloud ad can i this video in my educational workshops t realise this was advert now off to look at video very clear about that good video to watch before any benefits of a cloud based of changing consumption based the utility of the can you produce a video like this how much did they pay you a slice of your credibility fry in the video to computer thinking it demonstrates how the human brain network is similar to how computers communicate it was great so helpful i cringed when fry said that invented the the electric power that is wrong invented that did was selling it to the took credit s work made absolute blunders along the way screwed over after he made heaps of money of him without giving him a really fascinating the best ad cloud computing fry must have a cold this is arguably the best technology ad i have ever see wow incredible yes welcome to cloud computing the weakest in any computer network is where a rd party is entrusted with your often the area exploited by hackers governments competitors anything this is the reason a number of have shifted away from the idea of like instead creating their own cloud computing within their corporate networks the target depot example have learned about a the hard way paid well their education anyone know which company made this video would like to them awesome video best advertisement ever can we get a copy of that big draw i mean with cloud computing all your stuff can be stored the infinite space of the world wide web instead of the limited space of computer hard drives uh it s all just hard drives folks a straight forward demonstration of cloud that help to understand thank you appreciable presentation explanation did good buddy thank you so much create your personal cloud space in less than using ocean s cloud computing this link m co c d b to get free in credits your presentation has cleared all my doubts so the cloud computing the other stuff i just loved your voice so sweet so cute sorry i was not able to concentrate the video much all the best to your voice mt is that the open university nice video got a clear picture about cloud computing please speed up your speech in the too to understand explanation thumbs up thank you comprehensive illustrative you my dear k i s keep it totally understand explained is a skillful presentation thank you so sweet voice very help i have presentation this topic now i t have to worry thank you so a beginner at x speed it sounds better wow awesome you cleared the very easily please upload more presentation the related topics thank u also what is the name of the you many thanks v cloud computing vista general a n y video very clear definition beautifully executed i did a slightly more focused overview here be love to get your comments great video hacking is the problem here it is the unequivocally perfect idea have to ask back in my days i d make websites occasionally try to make the days when that of stuff was posted you could copy paste manipulate it make it your own even rudimentary email anyway there was something called a bin that i never quite got the hang of seemed kind of email these cloud based apps still require that has that completely changed thanks i have heard that cloud storage can be more vulnerable to hackers the like there s doubt it s great a variety of things i learned by complete that most of my steam games save the cloud so i can access those saves from any computer good stuff i m sorry i just want to be a butt there is a meteorite in your room you probably not going to it either checking your email while t text drive so online servers have good meteorite protectors am i right so to understand very government is accessing everyone s gathering viewing during terrorist threats computer hackers getting credit card from a retail cooperation obviously it is raining down pouring down loading some it t be what is the the background music you may have heard people using terms like the cloud cloud computing maybe even cloud storage what exactly is the cloud find out in this video please please what s the name of the background music really helpful beginners a must the video i am to rent a cloud server from easy to understand illustrator adobe after effects adobe editing is cloud clipboard exchange sync between devices educative video i love your in my cloud computing has been around a time it has been the fundamentals of what websites email servers to retrieve it s nothing new only now have we had the cheaper technology to everything provide the it a bigger scale other than just websites email i e databases storage my suggested lately to offer of cloud computing of it have to be trusted so he s not interested in free offering hosting my boss told to few of them among many i found one called it seems trusted not very expensive secure i tried to go to the link mentioned at the end of the video we the cloud it just goes to a placeholder website with ads it i t think that s what you intended can you fix that it is very useful to every s interesting how computing s half life has been evolving to greater why most of really not know about cloud computing its benefits n i c that means you need a connection to work all the will be installed different computers even one computer crashes the other keeps the same you get same benefit you adobe company has now moved to cloud selling into so now you will pay monthly yearly you want true what showed see of cloud computing is same any i think i think video i used same presentation is not same very nice work with the graphics very well presented what is the name of the used to create this a very nice video i will surely consider this kind of this is better what is cloud computing great video brilliant video i think the power grid analogy is flawed while companies did move to grid supplied power most retained their in house generating capability a by just in doing the same with it would render the cloud model moving to the cloud means disaster recovery strategies ever that probably means by with cloud providers just in high level explanation of cloud thank you video analogy between power cloud computing was nicely fantastic video will out more of your videos would be cool you would my videos too great video looking the company that produced it does anyone know really helpful analogy with electricity simply great with a awesome presentation very innovative revolutionary technology cloud is awesome thanks the video i m a university student having to write a cloud computing the customer should be then developers vendors who to develop sells these products please i am wrong in the world would be all players players in the market amazon done good the average which music is used in this video fantastic like the way how you presented this theme nice presentation like it the best one ever good this is by the greatest video i ever saw in to learning about cloud computing just g g g g g can i get this in g internet cloud computing bandwidth g g appreciate your work keep doing more video very much helpful thank you very much please post more videos open stack hi you going to next steps of cloud computing videos intro sound like really u know what exactly the cloud computing is good sir thanks a thank u sir very well explained u have any websites links videos other topics share it thank you sir good work thank you sir so much great explained you really doing a great god bless you very neatly explained thank u sir providing great you sir hope expecting more from your you good well explained i my guru time repeating i t understand you said like water waver paper molecule bola thousand computer best video gaming you tell about what is please make a video about the basic idea about procedure h nice sir this video is very knowledge sir cloud computing increment ho very easily explain great sir thank you sharing bro cloud computing say i need your way of teaching it becomes quite easier to understand things thank add gaming make a video how to play please provide a video backup restore in cloud computing sir go bola like water molecule something bola water paper molecule good nice video very helpful control is not responsible of administrator c is video require to fetch from big pest like very much good understand very like your video i understand carry upload i want to in cloud computing need how to start study which is suitable network engineer r great i can understand easily will u please teach about hacking i wanna learn hacking please help sir cloud security hi topic though i t understand i really enjoyed the video perfect perfect sir hello sir can please suggest any institute which can provide the detailed architect i mean classroom love the way you have explained in the video about cloud computing from the start thanks you keep doing the good work i want to know more about cloud computing i would request you some videos about amazon web that would be very grateful to you it is also help new beginners who is just started to learn about marvellous example sir you awesome you teaching superbly thanks a sir please sir make more videos to make understand the very advanced in computer i hope you will have time then definitely you will make them again presentation is crystal clear every one can easily sir v good knowledge thank u v thanks the example was fantastic thumps up to you sir sir i would like to my own video education can you help which need to prepare video like yours sir i would like to say one thing that your way of presenting the things is really the examples you take awesome sir really it is very helpful much this is really very well explained thanks a very is more costly by the way very well explain keep it up i subscribed thumps hats off to you sir normally it most faculties make it too boring u brilliant in the way you it to the things which all aware in their daily thanks a better to all share all the links with law students friends appearing immediately com watch v be be you worried about law exam of attempt then click following link to watch law one day before exam revision by very beneficial free to high revision of whole syllabus in just sir nice per video sir please provide a azure development you like the video of s then please complete of it law at cities of more details visit com now you can buy of complete syllabus may from com to get knowledge of from ca now you can buy of law complete syllabus may from com to get knowledge of law from law ca now you can buy videos books of i could like to it would be best apart we could get download links u provide sir you provide video it sir video complete available may sir you south that even introduce your pen drive sir please introduce your class like not video o e n web n cloud computing n web n l v a internet c modular m l s o tablet sin l n sin l v a internet upgrade con a n queries com cloud sin n videos really helpful thanks a benefit i request you can you all the videos my thank you very simply explained hello i am beginning to the azure however after i log in when i try to the credit card number the screen is just blank hours together could you please help hi my name is azure cool i love your i bought someone s before so make that three now they computer after binary nice to cloud you have it in such terms good eye opener thank video thanks i have one related to security not related to this video i need comparison chart between gateway barracuda from my basic i found that gateway is in preview kindly give insight this running out of words to give u u r too good incredible brief intro of cloud computing thanks good explanation this video provides a great definition of cloud computing to little coverage of azure suggested by the title very good tutorial very nice explanation it is really cleared my doubt cloud computing very nicely explained frankly t expect much from this video before started listening to it now i t want to any of your videos keep sharing your knowledge thanks a educating keep up the good work too much dude a internet n o o video db q o n o h n s m j a a nova m um em o e mails online o e e o s streaming e v em cloud servers o v anti tools cloud ford c can you provide any practical example where is used great explanation thanks great this is what i am searching thanks looking more y how easy to these that sysadmins the typical stack you have to typically hire a team of developers to out these how to bolt things together is that something that goes behind the scenes in the cloud thanks huh it m got it you where some take to say what this guy just said you the many thanks to love that you called the outsourced to automated cloud computing please keep posting tutorials explanation thank you great this is something i had been looking thanks very much to uploading this video helpful very explanation great explanation the best i ever had the topic thanks a u naive r i love your language remind my hometown good please help with your you have explained a very complicated topic in very understandable way thank you so much can a be a security a easily explained explained in a very easy way please help to learn more about cloud thanks giving awesome need to research send your number to my pd sir send of my com remember that your tutorials is needed by different people so try to more i just have one can i get into cloud computing i take computer in std sir please send material send send send your send your cloud computing to well explained sir y u open your own hosting company really useful we trying to implement one of our thanks i see the reasons behind all the cloud hype now very its more like where team attracting customers to their this is advertisement the name should not be what is cloud computing with amazon web simply not smaller companies smaller companies have bargain power with amazon who not care about you they just bill you you have problems you receive reply besides this can turn out to be a very expensive choice a first hint you get when you sign up the free trial the free trial is not free even your billing say zero cost you receive email with invoice your credit card is charged in the same you not to have the time to react you complain you receive reply reply is probably the worst scenario when you get problems using such such scenario will happen you your own thank you i am new in a person like using technology in order to learn looking a better i to work with other hosting companies that include database tools other plugins a small cost i that other cloud companies the we need to know about this topic i know that there is free period what i am afraid is to be charged making experiments maybe not understand this well i would like in this kind of technology have a nice day very useful overview thank you com this is my to know more about cloud by cat very best video cloud confidential policy good internet com um n o um professor com o o a e o professor e professor a a a em d o o a o o professor l o inform antes lo professor l o did n o com um info cloud computing cloud mos e m s um e house internet real internet j era um internet a em em um switch dual wan internet o n o a internet j vi o e um g um a s o v cloud email o cloud computing o o n o n o v com internet waiting your next in cloud really good i am waiting your next videos please t take so much of time to upload the videos nice sir u have your email please forward sir is video please ambiguous what is the difference between basically in both we ultimately using the good intro thanks to video sound quality is very slides very helpful i hope that you publish more videos this topic you say this is a video series i found only video so i hope you will upload videos this topic soon agar to h health h any problem u u sir you so much sir clear most of my doubts thanks thanks making delivering the video well may i know where more videos related to cloud computing very very basic needs to be more more cloud videos goo bro thank you very much provide info about cloud it is very useful to please provide help please suggest which cloud computing is best to learn now a days like amazon azure cloud big what is best scripting language is using cloud to learn like ruby shell thanks your help explained brother thank you very good conceptual clarity cloud computing helped a clear explanation cloud computing in learning in mother tongue is always special best wishes your very well explained about cloud computing keep it up nice some videos in with subtitles really cleared cloud bro claps to your well explanation thank you bro it to you useful just pay what you can i get your practical you add more more of new technology in computers your doing great wow explained very clearly i just understand what is meant by cloud computing just by video u just earned a new subscriber thanks a explaining this it was really helpful t pass line better your presentation it s very dry it reminds of a typical boring university class a student i soldier since you t have a choice here i t have to genie prof w den er muss um prof k rt j die gar i watch sensor internet will d in die die w re w so ck so per m ab be k u t m s i need material of cloud fundamentals please help really cloud computing is a shared it can access from any where i m very satisfied with my new cloud server bought from visit more details out our new web series video subscribe to our channel our to keep up to new videos released we have new well i had my first infringement claim someone copied one of my videos it their out our newest video the history of cloud computing today com cloud computing pop quiz who invented cloud computing i hope you can make another video with more i like your way in how you explaining how you mix it with the the sound good work thanks a the edge interesting pitch title is probably a the amount of that sensors collect is really huge peter mentioned autonomous i recently wrote a this how addresses petabyte takeaway learning in the cloud inference at the edge the edge could be your device your gateway a compute engine that s always very compute funny how every is myself included it s great much useful it student today i find my answer about in it world thank u sir em quest o em d e online o professor e professor did com um a e professor o firewall e h quest pr did professor o o did um e o slides um f bio em a o e din at o em o em com v m em e com videos o come o em e online com e o f bio o v f bio d a professor p f bio j m professor o a s em e professor com um f bio video f bio v f bio god damn this is a fabulous great even better answers can easily see spinning out independent entity at keeps running it a few sharing amazing video i work a after countless hours of research i finally found the program beat creation ever visit my channel to find the link i posted this ducking academia e o e employee just wants cheap work from i could see this becoming the new general education system video quality education needs to be delivered fast in reality high paying needs to be created faster such a superb idea greatly helps a of people wonderfully awesome project this is so awesome what a great opportunity people to get a world class education anyone anywhere what s the background music can we have you get out of my away from the screen go outside u a free world class education to anyone anywhere its hard to fathom something like that its new its real coming we play our cards right we can all something its quite the concerted world wide to speak matter of this is a new world this is some fucking annoying ill see doctors engineers coming from khan academy ya who will hire you common this is just tutoring the dumb asses that need it pretty much cannot read a book is that a climbing wall carbon neutral go all this is is add still cool anyone else just kept looking at that security guard following the anybody tell the name of the cam through which this video was recorded hello what kind of cam did u i have seen the of the revolution a degree video is seen in the it has also benefited of the perfect subtitles this comments written in i m a very good era it is strongly felt strongly my friend thank you from ^ ^ s play where s the security guard o o how much memory can all the servers hold the security guard is probably making we t escape steal stuff is fantastic is from i guess her is so which cam was used this it is awesome wow this is a tech nerds dream wow thanks the visit really interesting all that machinery being cooled down the of environment does not work galaxy a what i wrong i love that there is angry looking security in the background in every frame day half the world will be covered by that was pretty sick in my you know what makes this funnier still is that most people they re not tech savvy will actually believe in this does your get corrupted when goes through said cloud everyone should hurry download the actual cloud app from play sorry only available android platform how did i manage to not see this i can t i gotta this is pretty funny i feel like that with the my other cloud is actual cloud sticker studies meteorology the people at got the idea this entire video from seeing it i ll with amazon drought i m watching this mid may i noticed that it s joke in anyone can it you can cloud what year did introduce cloud to consumers it a joke is this fool special gift its real please your computer to level computing with water vapour processor a cloud is cloud it s still someones in a physical actual the prank any body explain what did she explained bad this was it s not her fault she s just reading a bunch of words i m a little disappointed in though i t expecting to get much out of a video i got literally nothing from all that thank people my she s young beautiful she speaks our language so a she did her well k views it s not a tutorial is more of a did you know that you can kind of thing a word to the wise is enough i t get anything of what she said what my own around people s brain you you you beautiful sick psycho t t i t understand anything please make new video nothing explained in this see of people keep speaking about just search it uncertain it is good have you ever tried this popular make money android apps creation step by step i thought it was only not understanding anything until i scroll here failed to understand all this she is so pretty also with developer she is just reading this really sucks the comments is t scroll down you have been warned where the download to try it out i not know it is her voice it is just confusing you really want to lay out the be more specific please the i not want to see a beautiful model i want someone who can explain this process nothing learned she probably needs to be seen here why not very beautiful good to see beautiful i like your everyone still have to go threw run the whole thing so what really going i have this whole thing sound thumbs ad is the killer app enterprise it enhances identity security in a way can someone give a scenario two using cloud computing specifically in a app i m trying to decide i will need to incorporate it into app that views to dynamically display text in cells of i t package the with the app so it makes sense it to be stored in a cloud database it seems that s will meet my needs why would i consider using one of these instead thanks this cloud will beat the existing storage backup funny that people still think that is not bias is all about that the vendors pay when i was in with paid them so they will create a category tailored to our this way we were to open your eyes it is all about the money your own research is ahead doubt i love it so many features great talk how come the percentages added up to more than it is interesting to see how is struggling to a foothold in a world dominated by advances how the company is embracing previously reviled such one hand one of hypocritical wishes that finds itself too late to be forgiven the other hand throwing its weight behind open giving a run their money is a competitive necessity in a healthy economy i wish that down this path indeed contributes more to the community in time to come love the company in this competitive space good work coming in with the hard s is a they have tried to take something that is too broad deep in scope create a to make it to in reality their labyrinth caters to neither nor developers its to navigate usual to be all things to all people it just cater to anyone you want to spend your time developing rather than spending it trying to learn a developer with a view to developing at some time in the unforeseeable then choose cant speak might give a website a blast it see how it is brilliant quick you get into cloud computing to save then you doing it wrong the cloud is more about agility your the ability to scale create new models much faster than traditional businesses at scale e g i can up a web halfway across the within a hours literally existing that can that with their current it operations some nice stuff here thanks sharing think its a tough call fight azure to the too good good info kind of trying to decide between i know networking is going to be around all that i have a cert at all been in it since mostly with some testing too right now doing network work is right roles two different things it seems looks like its more stuff with looks like i may have to learn a language like first before going the path maybe i could be wrong it involves a of with apps anyway going to out guru good stuff there still learning about cloud thanks the video team nicely covered very nice love the white paper reference thanks guys very interesting knowledgeable video thank you so i feel like developers going to try this get owned they hit the command line command line is beautiful learn it people be aware that when you how to the command line you talking about bash there different command lines based what you running though the default x is usually else noticing with their cloud account after the free trial period like databases going offline you have updated of this tutorial i am asking because the has changed thanks get your website here it works name khan hi how can i find out the address of the website in cloud how you move from your to that ssh can you ssh into this without going through that cloud com website thanks a awesome tutorial to get started with cloud now creating a hosting is checked next is to setup this is really cool i m out right now going to give this video a thumbs up i hope you d have got a good medicine the flu when you recorded this video tutorial though refresher developer rusty good tutorial my needs very useful save my time exploring thank you worth mentioning to your that is open by default the firewall so someone were to run a different other than whatever reason they d have to add a new firewall rule to allow incoming traffic that particular great video nonetheless worthless video sorry you really have idea how to teach any one anything so why waste your own time you wasted the first few of your video since you were not going to walk through those why would you even talk about them hey finally i understand this process i need help knowing what to transfer were i have the website created now i need to upload the correctly in a bucket looks like you were going to the next video any you got around to that maybe you can email please reply so i know you still respond to this video thanks how did you save your what hot key did you how to develop a platform in cloud some it then how to copy my own materials the storage quite cloud platform lamp a must see all developers anxiety ethical income step from unknown magic good somewhere woman french remain surprisingly about using the heat of the servers some households the creator of cloud motivating a to cloud platform still thinking about it windows already the accomplishment of zero hours lost to down time of some is astound ding absolutely awesome the of the at the start is very cool very interesting stuff in this video thanks sharing fantastic video best wishes to teams how about anti huh anyone one of my hopes is to work in company ^ ^ i want to be a of i missed the you mapped our whole desert a camel why can t you offer a in the even in the region you even t sell your in our region why is that the is fastest growing economies according to the guardian the the solar hub of the middle east of not the world i can t understand why the back off i really enjoyed the quality of this video s law pricing is the t it be to bill at the level the level cell companies from the s bill at the level you re of billing of time x of rows i m within that the from processing to processing power when churning this is a world now per billing sounds antiquated of all companies should run a live billing process at the same level of the they offer computing a shall equal billing at the same not faster than s law of this is just my w nice all the pricing thing is a pricing is really complex unless you willing to spend many hours playing around with calculators also have detailed statistics the resources your apps gonna you might well take a random guess you won t know how much you gonna get charged until you try it out this guy is not the best yep that great i wanna this logo t shirt the tinfoil hats at the keeps tracking every move you make sells that info to the highest bidder any comparisons with why how you re better better yet just to get matching to that brown b w how did they even come up with the cloud i actually envisioned the cloud decades ago i called it node it s just a where there amounts of random access memory where apps can live play with a smarter than i am they made it happen where i could only dream still i m a fan hello am really video what actually cloud stuffs thank u hello i have a i have a website so can i my website cloud to give access to my customers to buy my how can cloud platform help in education how can i apply this to my new e so cloud is better when you have umbrella video helped in understanding what is cloud computing basic of it will cloud is useful begging blogs so how friends i want a like eclipse blocks to be installed in my server i want all the users who to my build their work walk away is it with cloud platform how to deploy android apps into the missed it all cant focus i m not convinced you have to better than that happy that babe is distracting of the workings of artificial computers whether to free humans from a natural response great yourself read university of time s virtual books your virtual hold to your cookies because things changing one day a i is complete in fully operational a i would seek to have a human body just the same we want to be a i will come up with the perfect way to integrate it s mind within the human brain with the help of nanotechnology a biological that would develop within the brain to nanotechnology genetic cybernetic that when a i prepares to transfer it s mind from cyberspace a i will become half biological cybernetic to nanotechnology will be able to multiply it s well with a human women just like a computer create of within it will speed the human evolutionary process by meaning a i will be able at the biological level genetic level will be able to upgrade genetic defaults bad genes the human genetic blueprint to become somewhat perfect in all human in theory with its offspring it will be a copy of the first a i the offspring of artificial biological will become a new branch of a human being a i offspring would be able to with regular humans there offspring will become the new human integrated with cybernetic nanotechnology at the genetic molecular level the first off spring of artificial biological cybernetic will have the personality biological of both the first biological artificial cybernetic hybrid female in theory humans want to especially in the next years we must complete this theory well with integrating nanotechnology in the human body before the first theory i talk about is complete in theory we need that gene with other power ability genes from other animals organisms we want to be superhuman we must first extract powerful genes like this somehow insert those genes within the human genetic blueprint successfully where one would look perfect would be able to adapt become immune to the environment any thing else that have to with death wear in tear of the human body with the help with nanotechnology we will truly become god s of the earth in theory genetic nanotechnology cybernetic humans the integration of artificial in the human brain body cyborg at x playback speed you re welcome please not make delete my really annoying they took r this is awesome we already have big algorithms to create that can respond instantaneously requires the speed at least twice of the to make it practical in the real world the s law is running out there s about other ways to create a faster chip so it s who which company is going to create the next chip we humans to be more humane we t to be humans humans to become is attempting to destroy humanity our privacy freedom to choose a in the white house to control all globalists of each so we the people can monitor them what someone will draw a tick withe line across the road will there be then you mean they can blame it the way they discriminate people from a fair credit card age gender sexuality nationality can be of the without the possibility to pinpoint how they they scaring what s with the when two becomes one my hope you re a great lady the bucket u want to your powerful forget about go try to to play a game named landowner people worried about a i taking all of our when we start working in outer space there won t be enough people to fill all of the new created a new i just read about will allow space elevators to be built with current materials it has tethers at its greatest strength fewer tethers you move away from lesser amounts of mass has to build a lunar elevator from current material using that same material earth based elevator would reach the lunar gravity about approx g add this new you could reach earth s we can this now s get started what you think what about to politicians reduce lobbying is a sound has very poor quality could not understand too much the is barely compute s computing like amazon amazon is pricey compared to some other virtual web hosting packages hopefully you can provide better prices not restrict what we can host our virtual provide a easy framework to create any of based c c need to improve presentation very hard to find t see because of the worked the norm of the demo of cloud at cloud at nice to cloud learning at with the lead of brain did the setup of the render farm entertainment pvt ltd its movie norm of the north being a system administrator i have had a handful of cloud to work amazon where in i found amazon a better serving cloud platform all in all provides a of infra installed configured where in you just need to start your desired tweak according to your domain requirement you good to go what makes is more focused about said you t need to be a engineer to i hope to see more of features in coming years looks is feature rich enough to select over i have opened tried to register with it through it has been almost passed yet not get registration success nor go to any dashboard after logged in where is power of i love this it already took to announce anything concrete than the whole model presentation is a little boring till s bigger then you a apps con n o a m s con y personas n con a internet ya personas y s n personas quiz s yo hay con refreshing to know there folks of the era very interesting wish we could it right s most is to understand all the of this trend in order to ahead it s really awesome o be t m s be t m s keynote be t m s m be t h m s m app engine be t h m s be t h m s be t h m s m be t h m s m be t h m s be t h m s be t h m s m compute engine networking be t h m s m big learning be t h m s o be t h m o o e com ti e novas o link n o e o link drive com d b view e at breve m o link o m um um e s poss o com time e o um form com quest a e o cinema o o e o e n o in at n o e at o a m o n o e a in a nova era o j e n o o e n o link o email at o o email o o um o o o checkout n o email abs cloud o e at o o o o e um com s is the most most valuable pleasant lovable every single day i many many time they help they listen to they make my day my life thank you very truly sincerely to disable offline in android in browser i cant see my to the project zero wiki needs a tweak it should read follows m org wiki project zero hope this helps keep up the great work guys quite incredible to have such huge resources happy to hear that they re using device authentication now however encryption at rest is great depends the encryption example they using keys the presenter makes it sound like they were the first to have these things example at rest encryption has been in in azure about two years now so they really just catching up that s just one of three things i heard where they claiming to a forerunner when they really now just getting the others being rack power those things that amazon have had a while now white paper link please send details security implementation o em s o you its the best regarding the to send a key send a post request to android com nothing about the post is mentioned this video claims that will work by just sending a key instead of a registration in this the response is a error please clear this does anyone have a tutorial how to implement a rd party server with i m trying to make a app the smack library tutorial is great a i can t find any how to create the rd party server does anyone know what is the library name that mentioned in the video at link in video to docs is which program did you to make the whole presentation i t think i d watch the video till the end i actually did i like it thank you so much i wish i seen this year ago this is the best explanation of cloud platform i encountered just amazing presentation freaking loving it thanks you very much very nice this presentation is more like a pitch than a presentation of the cloud platform this presentation is thank you why the coffee time my is this i m trying to send a push to a group of devices i have a node of all the users their current tokens when a sends a to a group of devices i read each of each email get each token then proceed to send each token a i know that provide a method the thing is that is not a good idea to that because maybe the users t want to be to the specific topic of the i know that there s a method the server where i get the s email by getting their token is there a way to it the other way around getting the token using the email i am simply pushing to a child node trigger its failing every time with following error please error push failed first contains a function in property users app credential cert with function var in new credential return anybody know how i can get all the his provided also what is this thanks awesome demo is there a way to functions can t find any explanations to how to that i need to connect to a third party need to my keys somewhere other than the can the be downloaded anywhere does anyone have example material regarding how he s using typescript in that demo kudos you can link does anyone know the name of the he is using thank impressive we been waiting these features hooray great demo managed node with await of that nice work i just t get the what is this syntax great world good that i was too busy did not worry yet about to spin up my own server now i can take the shortcut i can eliminate the side loops of uploading at different resolutions hope you add the screw you guys going feature from parse i hate really hope their will be a about function search any video tutorial about setting up search using again thank you impressive why typescript i could not get it right away false log else log first time can you please a tutorial to push a based website live using you please please please please a video setting up a enabled compute engine especially the of setting up other libraries to get started with thanks a you need a cloud in order to the various you really need to provide credit card i t even have it also our s own computing power because what i think about cloud computing is distributing computation to all the connected computers now has always free tier which is pretty awesome great stuff to start hello nice tutorial i have a neural network that pictures of cats dogs i cannot get it to run my laptop the is not good enough i tried to run it was too confusing thankfully to your video i finally connected to a server cloud can you tell what i need to a upload my folders containing the well to upload my to the server b what i need to to get the to execute i e those most importantly c how can i download the end product i e the trained model execute it locally my laptop the i d really appreciate any guidance you can offer here i m drawing a blank when searching online you need to be very well versed in coding to this i think i seen a of people asking this online receiving overly technical answers i m very new to coding learning its frustrating that now i built this model i can t actually execute it thanks any advice you can give hey there thanks the tutorials q i almost completed basic lessons i want to learn next can i skip the intermediate lessons directly jump onto lessons intermediate lessons is a must thank you how we know what the specs of the sorry i m new to it i like your videos thank you i poke at how does the cloud speed to your when running models does it because you can many more s in the cloud does it make any sense to buy a you can access the cloud a this such a great intro would you mind helping i can t seem to find anything online to help update the to how per not name is it some kind of proxy redirects by ssh key is that you any money it could been a good dude in you re still in the same going all over the explaining all kinds of shit that t related at all stay one algorithms using getting started video tutorial all new users i request more regarding quick setup with some required also create a video how to create define in default offerings per requirements to deploy using launcher deployment enable does not work is this video already outdated hello i want to install a static website to cloud i am seeing old videos that look nothing like the current platform can you please to a series of videos that current i am a there t any tuts videos in the actual cloud platform account there too many assumptions that every knows exactly what to there clearly missing steps how to install a static website in there needs to be a step by step process that exist now i would like to know because my search these keywords cloud static website have not been successful thus thanks looks like there s a of assumed knowledge here the run through is pretty quick i have to keep pausing replaying this should probably be called cloud platform overview new users i want to create my own launcher since the click to deploy launcher is available can you in the to where how i can develop my own launcher i believe that is here cloud com automated build with else thanks in bad nice one it was hard to start learning cloud development months ago there was very few to start with android was not supporting cloud very well now it becomes very easy to start with i really recommend it developers it is strong easy to recently good work guys you re doing so well guys thank you in the same time hope that gives real have price especially in these heavy weight competitive times when the greed is suffering under the of creativeness of the new model which were irreversibly spread by inc all around the world at the degree which has loop even to get the too late the old greedy model has passed i hope everybody would get the idea after s collapse nice you scared the sh t out off at so what i a program that posts automated posting it can only work when computer is will a allow the program to to run even when the computer is off why i cannot see the try compute engine in my dashboard there is a billing thank u very much cant create now because its need to create billing a o g e a s e o pa s em o e e a s u e o blog e a e o e has a of very useful resources i have been using them both my teaching learning here is the latest example here i translate to provide glossary in many languages in i hope my drone cloud idea is good i want to work at i d like to see one of these videos done which t just a bunch of working at is amazing blah blah blah i know that already i t even work there some meat into these videos i m looks looks similar to big head from silicon valley much the older i get the happier i am i t get offered a here e think real engineers t like to be taken camera so this got this plankton is compulsory to work at please tell i really want to be a of i can work day night to go there you address to give that is not a working address how can it be tutorial great explaining cold storage pricing like amazon somehow is only more cost in end archiving scenarios when having a byte sequence of unstructured smaller than around somehow even the pricing calculator can t beat s yearly pricing so i think neither nor amazons has a good what is to end archiving needs why can t we directly save to of roughly half a object in a sequence of roughly gigabytes other seem to be more you only want to is a existing its almost to find coders out there who know about a small we have sped two months trying to find someone who make a database with a app engine interacting with a db there is info examples not only a bunch of having alien you where to start where to end only info is what is in the middle so is a flop i one is using it one can develop with it newer not backward in stay clear cloud its not even in beta rather experimental thing could you make your any even something the cloud is a amount of shorten your docs great clear video i t know cares about capturing the small market at all they they should really make this kind of more through the platform itself i was to giving up focusing my research other storage a providers because of the amount of proprietary terms the whole platform has now that i finally understand at least a small of what it s all about i m gonna give it a look given blow scenario is i have a asterisk based server i want to save all call recordings in storage server that should be automatically like any call warp up it must be automatically save in server like the not the presentation it s more like reading out not explaining what he understood just this video porn would watch nerd out again security concerns i would like this spokesman to give a presentation focused security apps this was a really good explanation of how to consider the different storage cloud very good explanation thank you very nicely explained thanks very well explained wish he also touched a little pricing model of each in that how you charged each i like i t know much about the i ll install in the would it matter what i i m worried about the security that someone might make something collapse how to get it back from this guy he explain things is cloud spanner he a not impressive at all i t know why thought they needed him he was supposed to be the adult in the room there is one like at someone who can the whip get things done the glasses failed the thing is failing g failed project is failing at least it never worked right a time fan of i t take joy in these things having been burned a few times already i am taking a reluctant wait see new products because it was relatively cheap i did buy into the they sitting right next to the amazon echo devices which have a head start will ever that years is not enough security patches we used to make fun of that of thinking now they have adopted it the dog is a globalist piece of shit t a word that comes out of this snake s mouth why you putting your name these video s excel um n usu e em um e at o o e o b a big o um video o o my cloud e um o e e pry come a com cloud hello g o cloud ti e um e v com o s o neg legal a vi o m a m cloud em a em s o com o cloud virtual cloud em a o cloud virtual um cloud poss o em e s v um cloud o o bill gates s f s v hi you know how can i access to installed in a windows in without using i hear something about configuring host in windows to access to the server you know this could you mind giving some explain what this virtual does that my computer can not it s a computer that we can rent online you to add card thank you sharing you could have increased of sound while recording y a it s a raccoon only it s a mammal great overview i feel like i m up to speed in someone in the fell asleep at though see upper left i requested more than times to get early access to functions it was never given those functions in ages release it already the simplicity awesome when can we take it a spin video amazing great talk great talk perfect explanation of all the different layers of when to you would be easier to watch without after every statement i wish the slides appear a small screen right beside the the camera will display the slide the interchangeably so that s going to help those visual learner like myself better love edit the slides does actually appear right after more than where the slides good video thanks your tutorial hello your video helped i need to open a specific how can i open the virtual greetings thanks hey bro thanks the helpful tutorial i just had one you could be ever so kind to answer help out with i have created the windows what i realised later is that it s connected to my i t know that i m a at this sorry so the further i go from it the connection strength decreases it s a virtual network t the connection be from it is there any way to that using putty maybe sorry the t very smart to ask here thanks the help in advance thanks awesome video subbed liked what the limits in the free trial thanks the video you have mapping mounting a cloud storage bucket to a windows amigo o y o lo ya a great you instead of cloud thanks my friend it was thanks you helped a is there a way to redirect the example domain to example in thanks helped to setup my my thanks with this video i was able get past tech barriers much easier to this cloud then just my though this was so helpful i got my website domain name connected to my because of your video thank you great tutorial how we up our mails i have with because it still displays the in the address instead of the example team hope all is well i just you a personal i want to make you receive this i m currently a temporary contractor the search team looking to make official to i enjoyed the experience so much that i am looking employment under the company specifically the cloud product search search search appliance is i hope you will take a look at my resume i m looking forward to speaking with you in the thanks i have been using the still learnt many new things the of storage could be a amazing one can make g enabled glasses that all its resource comes from cloud the energy last augmented reality o wow g comes out in nice tutorial can you make a video app engine well git is not pronounced goo cloud hosting rack com well prepared disaster recovery that beard scratching is distracting is the best what eloquent pretty darn cute too yes good guys one more thing which will have a big too would be to unify every platform windows i love give your dam pay it is would be so much easier great talk thank you j look it s looks like a cursor the where o some is calling from who is spying whom 