 1st: how do you protect from solar radiation? I wonder how you can create a mignetic field in your spaceship. 2nd: we have lots of things to do and all the money going into this project could feed tons of people arount the world. This is an unseless madness.Has anyone seen Apollo 18 (2011)? Has anyone seen the hit show "UFO Files"? The NASA and Space X will use the rich as their guinea pigs and get them to go to the moon for them and see how it goes. We were warned once before, to stay off the moon! The aliens reside their now. If you see this message, spread it and stay off the moon once and for all! :)I have a design using Kerbal Space Program called the Duna lander. It looks like this rocket. I "in the moment" am making a cinematic film called "Planet Duna a KSP fan film" starring Mark Thrimm. I will credit SpaceX and Elon Musk for the design. I have to say you put a lot of effort into building this beast even if it's not done yet. I even have Mark Thrimm's SpaceX ITS mod for Kerbal Space Porgram! Have fun being in space and keep a look out for Planet Duna a KSP fan film!I wonder how Elon Musk feels about flat earthersI'm a huge fan of your vision. I hope that one day I get the honor of working for this great purpose and help make humanity an interplanetary species I'm a little skeptical about that 100.000km/h interplanetary coast. You mean to tell me that huge ship will travel at nearly twice the speed of New Horizons, which is by far the fastest spaceship we've ever launched?If I seen them land a person on Mars In my lifetime that would be absolutely amazing, gives me goosebumps watching this and thinking about the future and I firmly believe he will achieve this.It's fucking beautiful!It's going to take hundreds to thousands of years to make Mars habitable but we have to start somewhere.Jesus, This thing is bigger then the Saturn V. I wonder how much it costs for this...Mars facts: Its atmosphere is over 95% CO2, Earth is less than half of 1%. Their average temp is around -81 degrees F and the planet is made of dirt and rock. Have fun!Maybe, if all the politicians weren't all scared to loose there place in the United States's corrupt government, and would stop investing all of the country's money into buying guns, and tanks, and planes, not to actually fight in wars, but to scare off other countries, then maybe we would be a lot closer. Please give that $600 billion to space agencies.

I really feel that large corporations and governments, need to advance on space exploration soon, because it's fairly easy to tell that it's going to play a rather big part in mankind's future.Never thought we would build the plans on terraforming mars, and succeeding in doing it, we would need masses of chemicals like carbon dioxide to bring oxygen on Mars.Oh men you make me crySee the shit that we can do when we work together guys?big rocketmusic name?soundtrack pleasethis guy

The US military could end world hunger by putting the funds to maintain any one of their aircraft carriers still in service into humanitarian efforts.

We don't need to sacrifice our sense of awe and wonderment to help out the needy. We have nothing to gain from abandoning our extension of our known world and turning inwards.

All we have to do is back away from each other's throats - we don't even have to disband the world's military and police forces. But what we can't do is carry on this stupid, ignorant wastefulness that's turning the world to shit.

The US alone could turn Africa into a second Europe with the smallest fraction of what it spends annually patrolling borders that haven't been threatened since the Bay of Pigs. There's no need at all to fix world hunger or global warming by ceasing all space exploration and turning inwards to stagnation. What we need to cut down on is mindless wastefulness and, as a species, *grow the fuck up.*Cloud city here i come!Flying around in zepplin colonies.  That would be so coolHas anybody picked you up on the fact that orbital cities would effectively have zero gravity, unless you had then spinning to generate the centripetal force? If so, why not do that above Mars as well? Reduces your advantage to only being nearer the Sun I think. So what about mining the Venutian atmosphere, etc? Possible? Actually do it to reduce CO2, rather than adding to it as we're doing to Earth. And then eventually getting down to the surface where that gravity would come in to play?I'm inI'm sorry but this is so stupid, at 450 C no water could possibly be present. That's pretty much the main reason why we are so focused on mars and not Venus...Let's colonize neptunLolololol this is funny, not possible way to hot, colonize marsMAKE VENUS GREAT AGAIN!!They talked about colonizing the moon, still ain't got nothingVenus is no go zone.Venus would be more of an option if it had a moon that you could mine resources from, but as it is, all resources would have to come from earth. This dependency does not make Venus and ideal place to live.Wouldn´t the zone between the extreme hot and the cold side of Mercury be theoretically habitable? If one side is constantly several hundred degrees hot and the other minus several degrees cold couldn´t there be a narrow stripe where the temperature isn´t too extreme? It also has a similar magnetic field like the earth and water ice at the polar caps.how would we build the cloud cities if the temp is way too hot for most of the metals on earth???occupy venusquestions..
rotation?
lack of moon?
it still seems very inhabitablethicc atmospherevenus or "penus"yeah let's make bespinCheck out my upload's Martian chick carved on rock sol 1272 and Sol 1284.  Martian machine part?  Carved primate face?  Martian sand snake?HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAI knew it - all these fucking movies about Mars... Never Saturn, or Pluto, or even the Moon- always Mars! They've been secretly telling us thru the movies....Lockheed  "skunk works"  is not in  "area 51"  it's in California.Maybe money being funneled into "climate Change" is the funding for the building of secret projects ?Needs alot of proof.Please Check My Latest YouTube Video Called: Barsoom(Mars) GOOGLE Sky-Moon-Earth December 31, 2016. Please Watch On Laptop / PC Or TV Wide-Screen For A Better View Of Details. AT 04 minutes and 40 Seconds (04:40)You Will See CRYSTAL CLEAR PICTURES OF GOOGLE MARS  WITH ANIMALS, WEIRD MARTIANS, ONE LOOKS LIKE THOTH (  From The Emeralds Tablets ) In The Pictures of Area Calypso Panorama Of Spirit's View Of Troy. Further A Lot Of Debry & Broken Mask; Satellite Pictures Of Buildings. Full Length Of Video Is 12 Min. & 22 Sec.The Video Has No Music, So You Can Play Your Own Favorite music While Watching It,  You Gonna Believe Your Eyes Or Not!That Is What I Like Of Google Earth, – Sky; – Moon; – Mars; They Show It All In Plain Sight! Thank You GOOGLE You Guys&Girls Are Great! Be Safe. ~.~We might as well move our mars mission back indefinitely. I have a feeling this new regime on capital hill is going to blow shit up. That's all folks!Well after reading many of the comments I see why there can not be an open book on what is happening with technology advancements . I wonder when a lot of people here look up in the sky if they think the stars are painted on a screen above their head for amusement lol. Of the trillions of galaxies in the universe is it so hard to believe we are not the only life forms lol.Whatever. What I want to see is Mars base fuckwits debate Moon landing denying douchebags. That would be the tard slap fight of the century, lolYou all should check out Andrew Basiago's claims about Mars ... He is the so called Mars Godfather .... HihiYou lost me at "chem-trails"can u move a few immigrants to mars..next...set nukes off in the atmosphere? what a marvelous idea, said no one ever.the FBI piracy warning gave it away, these are government assholes distracting you from the truth.the maker and narrator of this kid video is bloody idiot sorry:-)Everyone now is talking about colonising Mars, that is good, we are accelerating the knowledge of the space secrets.Elon Musk is heading this race.Hey, it's 42 again )I think we could heat the crap out of Mars and make a new earth to go in through the stages of life like WAY before humans liveJust because we can and it's fun I like this guy !Monty python reference.Nice rap at 0:56Screw Mars! #Trappist1dFTWWas he Tyrell Wellick from MrRobot?? haha :DWe will have flying cars before we colonize Mars , and you will not see flying cars in our life time.You tellin me there's insects on mars?balloon ladder.bio domecolonization of mars will never happen. especially in 10 yearsi miss your videos when I. ok offline, hoping you add more totally enjoy your show, soon I will support your show ;)pleAse
already theresend mespace elevator? thats the stupidest thing i've ever seenyou annoying cunt"Technology does not automatically improve."

46.00  - 47.20... really explains everything for me, why he feels a strong ideological motivation is necessary and why this mars thing is necessary. I've not agreed with his plans, although I do respect what he's doing. But now one UNDERSTANDS the reasons better.*we don't need all the specs, we can figure...   this is a boondoggle until ya really discover something NEW.A lot of serious idiots asking questions?Does human deserve a second chance than the dinosaurs?  Here is what we take with us,: Murder, holocaust, genocide, hate, starvation, famine,  fear ,anger ,sadness ,depression ,embarrassment, hopelessness ,humiliation ,manipulation ,irritation ,frustration ,nervousness, anxiety ,stress ,rejection ,ignorance ,violence ,torture ,fatigue ,hatred ,death , massacre, terrorism, racism, greed, war, lust, affair, prostitution, disease, bullying, intimidation, government, borders, insulting, ego, self-centered, abuse, disgrace, disrespect, indignity, outrage, put-down, shame, rudeness, unpleasantly, ignorance, vulgarity, uncivil, bad-manner, barbaric, gross, repulsion, savagery, bitterness, cold-blooded, evilness, ruthlessness, tyrannical, fascism, Darwinism, demoniacal, cold-hatred, monstrously, unfeeling, revengeful, etc.
This is what we bring and everybody knows what we bring.Fascist fraud!I admit I have not really been a Elon believer up to now. But I am starting to think this crazy bastard can actually pull this stuff off. If he could transport people to mars for a half millon dollars he would have takers, and at under $100,000 he would have thousands of people and perhaps me as well. The chance to be a founder for a new planet is just an incredible idea, and I think Elon could make it pay for itself. Not just the fare to get there, but every pound of freight and probably a percentage of the profits of a Mars colony would go to SpaceX.I agree the questions were braindead.

There was only one good question anyone could have asked:

"where do I sign up for the first ship?"I got a question. If you jumped up at the speed of light while looking down,, what would you see.I hope we will see humans on mars within our lifetime.Please review the questions next time. Ideally don't invite a bunch of immature people. This is important work and people making fun of it is ridiculous.Remember guys, there's no such thing as stupid questions, just stupid people.That's a pretty flippant plan. His disregard for "radiation" is shocking. All he needs to do, if he's serious, is talk to the space shuttle crews who ventured to close to the electromagnetic shield of earth. The nausea, temporary blindness and massive headaches were well documented, and they weren't even close to being in "real space" they still had a few thousand miles to go before they didn't have the protection of earth's shield. If he launches with his current plans the only thing we'll hear after 10hrs from launch is a mass of screaming passengers and pilots saying they're turning around. Which will be too late as their fates would have been sealed, dead by day three or sooner.The easy way to go to Mars is to let the Martians take you there.
They are making trips every day.You might say you don't believe that.
But that does not change the fact this is true.The only way this talking head is going to take you to Mars is thru your head. Wake up!This guy is full of shit.Told the wife today that Elon Musk would send people around the moon as early as 2018. She said it won't be us as she needs a new passport!you could start with taking the first authentic picture of our Globe earth from space.....since it's never been done. fuck you and NASA the earth is flat and if anyone would spent 30 mins researching you would see. They are hiding God18:57 (scientist) Note to self, Design sun shield!CLUES..   THE WORD TACHYON..  WHEN THEY LOOSE ENERGY THEY GAIN SPEED... CONSEQUENTLY WHEN TACHYONS GAIN ENERGY THEY SLOW DOWN..  THE SLOWEST SPEED POSSIBLE FOR TACHYONS IS THE SPEED OF LIGHT.. FACTS THAT CAN BE CHECKED.  GOOGLE..    TACHYONIC ANTITELEPHONE..   GOOGLE  EINSTEN AND FRIEND.  HUMANS ARE ALREADY ON THE MOON..ALREADY ON OR IN MARS. SPACE FLEETS ETC. KNOWLEDGE IS BEING SUPPRESSED.JUST LIKE OUR HISTORY. WHY HAVE D.U.M.B.S= DEEP UNDERGROUND MILITARY BASES???   TO PROTECT THE ELITE? TO HIDE CURES?.. TIME TRAVEL TACHYONS A SOURCEDamn, we're destroying earth for money. The only planet that can support lifeFinally a place where I can get away from blacks and muslims.If we are to avoid a forced depopulation on earth we might have to considder Terraforming Mars in order to provide land and recourses for our growing populationIt is amazing that all these brilliant minds, that are pushing forward to reach Mars using all these wonderful tools and toys
and they have not over come the very most important obstacle, WHAT TO DO WITH THEIR ( POOP ) especially when out of the
Cubicles, and locked in their suits. Water will be so precious that when in the suite how do you clean any accidents, besides calling 
That person ( STINKY ) Let us go to Mars. The long term effects of zero gravity are unknown, but the short term effects are terrifying. Two years of space flight where myriads of accidents could happen. Look at the planet, there is no flora or fauna and it is not known if there are natural resources. There is no water, the air is toxic, the ground is toxic, the sun is toxic, the temperatures are deadly, the dust storms are deadly the low gravity  is most likely deadly/ Let us waste the taxpayer's money on something so foolish. I have sage advice on those wishing to take the trip, take two potassium cyanide pills and call me in the morning. This is quicker, cheaper and will yield the same results as your safari to Mars.My family died in a car accident,The  problem is not finding an exoplanet  like earth.....there are plenty...even in our galaxy.....The  real challenge is that  with the current technology  even  the  closest to our solar system   exopanet   proxima b   (4 ly)..or   approx.   250000 AU  would take  30000 years to reach there....so mars  for the time being   i  believe  is a temporary  alternative  to avoid  "single point of failure"...as it is now with our planet.....Nick  AthanasakosThe last radio transmission we will ever receive from Mars will go something like this...

Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar Allahu AkbaThe probability of finding extra terrestrial life forms within our own galaxy is practically  zero. As for meaningfully colonizing Mars - it will be practically impossible. Of course, if you are happy with having just a few people living on the planet, then that might be feasible - but it will be a very tricky exercise in technology, logistics, and human physiology. So - just enjoy the science fiction.The rich clonist will be sending gold back,without anyone knowing.the poor wil be liike muslim cowsWhy not fix earth first?With the radiation concerns, why not have a magnetic field generator to create a magnetic field around the colony?  Along with that, why not make the dome double pane with ozone gas inserted between the panes?all of this would be a great idea if humans weren't so destructive. In time the colony on Mars will want to be free from earth laws and revolution is born. I can imagine earth going to war with the new colony on Mars because history repeats itself.as long as we are still the way we are then we will bring war with us to mars and it will make sense that mars is called mars. we should try our best to avoid anything like star wars.interesting.  we cant even take care of the planet we have now.is there anyone else thinking it would be awesome to be the persons that lived on earth and then mars XD idk it seems cool to live on another planet c:the big bang is for athiests"Two weeks Two weeks!"2026?
Yeah right.A colony on Venus? Really? God damn millennials are getting dumber by the day.At first he said we would colonize mars in 2026 at first but then he said 2027...Before we decide to send people to mars, especially for colonization, we should set up a base on the moon.Behold, my ultimate prophecy of getting humans to Mars:
SpaceX will be the first to do it, waay before NASA. The Chinese will put people there before NASA. Only then, NASA puts people there before Mars One, because everyone involved in Mars One will be arrested for fraudDon't drink the water on Mars!  Doooo weeeee oooooooooooh!He said "Mark Watney" instead of Wahlberg I honestly think we really need to make sure that all the programs that are trying to get people to Mars should get together to do it I mean it would really seen that spacex really knows what they are doing when it comes to getting there and transportation essentially but programs like Mars one seem to focus a lot more when it comes to loving there, there needs to be more communication and cooperation between organizations and agenciesI live on mars with the race or gods i siredIf man has destroyed the land,what would happen if they happen to live on Mars,then obviously they will also destroyedIsn't Mars One the scam? I guess this is from Mar 2016 though.My team has a better plan than Mars One which just requires a globally integrated Space Agency or a increase in NASA's Budget.
Our Plan can create a fully sustainable settlement on Mars by 2030 along with a minimum casualties, given that complete funding is provided.
Right now, It's a luxurious settlement able to sustain 1100 people[Can be extended], although if needed it can be shrunken down to a Scientific base that can sustain about 50 people every easily and it would dramatically reduce the cost and although we are not quite sure about the change in the timeline.

But the rub is that, we are just High School students and don't have the resources or knowledge as to where to submit our project.

*This isn't a joke, we have a 100+ pages document about our Settlement - Genesis*WHAT *IF* THERE ARE ALIENSWait, i thought humans have already made it on MarsWaiting on Spacex before I go to any other celestial bodyWish they had a way for colony's on mars to talk to us on earth.same here!there expect to launch  the rock to Mars is in 2018  but expects to colonized in 2020 or 2019 because  the is are ready a space house there but covered  in red dust10 billion... The USA spends 600 billion a year, every year on its defense that is bigger then the next 6 nations combined. Not including the 6 trillion dollars spent by the USA in military operations and rebuilding programs in Iraq and Afghanistan from 2001-2016...18 inch thick wall? that's more than a ruler dude .... :)Biggest issue with colonizing the moon...even living underground wouldn't be a safe bet. There's no atmosphere to burn up meteors and meteorites. Asteroids would be even scarier.Good job, so one trillion dollars could permanently set up over a thousand people on the Moon.If humans wanted to drive an asteroid into mars it would get done. 

When the navy said they wanted to fire icb missiles from under the sea they was laughed at. But now they fire missiles from under the sea. In a confined (pressurised? space Using jet engines from the failed jetpack. If we hypothetically develop the ability to live on another planetary body, I think we need to be very selective on who we sent to said place. I don't think sending just anyone to build essentially a sister planet would be wise. We need to make sure that it represents the best of us and that will last.No because aliens warned us never to come back to Moon and walk there.South Africa shout out! :D that made me happy.THE FASTEST WAY TO WORM UP MARS IS BY NUKEING IT AND WE GOT PLANY OF THOSE...They need money to get to mars, but I swear to God if they use money and make it a thing on mars, I'm going to be so pissed.When I was 13, I was watching this. 






I am 13Why would we ever colonize mars OR the moon? The moon isn't even a planet it's a moon, mars is dry as a bitch and if you don't die from dehydration, the dust storms will wipe you out. To run a stable colony on mars it would involve just using Earths resources. Nasa undoubtedly needs more funds so they can find planets out there worth colonizing.Why would we make a new earth? It would be fucked up too eventuallyZbruhhow long will the new artificial atmosphere last without a planetary magnetic field?let's live on uranuslol the we need to leave earth by 2050 memeto think of crashing asteroid into mars, we do believe that mars does has a weak core, if the impact can be at an angle, we could kick start the core if it was to exist and that would solve half the problems !why build a sky when you can build a roof dumb ass:)Awesome, now make it happen! :)Cool!I can't wait for that day when the first human person sets foot on a foreign planet! ❤️ Not like NASA got super powers but they'll make it happen. Hopefully it's a woman tho imagine how awesome that would be for future purposes for space exploration. Almost like Lady liberty but something really cool. I'm desperate... what is the name of the song? I want it!Im not real satisifed with the vid. It did not show a lot of things. Like how did they ship the habitation modules? Will the module and the rover be able to fit on one rocket? How will the rocket land down? Like space x? if so how will they get the rover out?It's all fake, we cant even go to the moon :DSo amazingly cool!! can't wait for the actual mission. Thanks and good luck nasaThis is what we need today, a new "we can do it" project, just like the moon landing was.

The 1960s were a tumultuous time. Much like the current is. Many things divided the country, racial issues, the Vietnam war, a generation conflict like none before, but there was the space program that not only gave many people work. It gave people a purpose. They could rally behind a greater goal that everyone was part of. From the farmer in Kansas who could think that his crops were used to feed the astronauts and the miner who could see his ore being used to build those rockets to the welders that built the rockets and the accountant that managed the distribution of funds.

Everyone was part of this, and everyone could, quite credibly, say "this ain't going nowhere without me!"

We need something like this again. Something that's not only a huge leap ahead in technology, and let's be honest here, what NASA invented in the 60s drove the US economy until the 90s. And I'm not talking about things like propulsion or even computer science, I'm talking about process management, quality management and project management, things that were hardly considered "important" before that were basically invented during those days, at least their methodical use. At best they were "coincidentally" used before, only with the rigor of quality and process planning the moon shot required these now crucial and generally employed management techniques were elevated to an academic, systematic level.

And we really, really need that again. Yes, the moon shot was incredibly expensive. And going to Mars will cost even more. But if our flight to Mars is only half as rewarding, in hard US-Dollars, actually, as the moon shot was, the US economy will take over the world in ways we can't even imagine yet.

Someone said recently he wants to make America great again. Now, here's his chance.Whats the first power source? Uranium with those thermal couplers? 

Also, why is the solar or even the first power source so distant from the habitation module? Long wires usually mean voltage loss, unecesary.With dust storms that can last for months, I wouldn't dare go unless there is a guaranteed nuclear power supply for life sustaining minimum power.are they using Orinon for this?do u mind if i use this for a school projecthey NASA please listen at me we are twins and we wanna go to mars Alessa Carson is a girl who wanna go to mars we also want it is also our dream please help me pleaseit was our dream when we were 2 years old.we bothniceno bacon?that's a good start but its not good enough to put human on there and keep em there... I think we need to put robots out to build the community and domes the astronauts can stay at... but this is a very good start NASAthis is simulation of cgi computer effectthis video  is useful...............ITS...........FLA,T.',............................you're watching cartoons.   No real earth photos out there either, all doctored.
ARE YOU AWAKE2:52 This is why I love Bill Nye. The man speaks sense, people should take note. Elon is a great man with a great amount of ambition, it is great that he is driving space travel forwards. it's natural to want to dream big but don't let that obscure the facts and realities of the situation.Elon said he wont mind dying on mars just not on impact.Funding: steal underpantsI cant believe any of this "science fiction"...i'm being nice...bill nye, really(who is he?)...nobody is going to spaceI want to be charge of populating Mars with LorenIt will never happen. Ever. NASA couldn't get around the Van Allen radiation belts neither will SpaceX. Notice how he stumbled through the answer about it. The radiation is killer and the belts are very large.JFK challenged US to go to the moon in 10 years. We had nothing but used ICBM rocket boosters and little more than trash cans for carrying people into orbit. We didn't have the help of computers unless you could call a slide-rule a computer. We had to borrow technology from the future just to get a man in orbit and we didn't know for sure what was out there. We didn't know for sure that we could get a man back from space, let alone whether we could recover him once he landed or splashed down.LOOKS LIKE ELON IS LOOKING FOR DEPRESED SUICIDAL PEOPLE TO SEND THEM TO SLOW DEATH AS AN EXPERIMENT...Mars is an irradiated desert with a CO2 laden atmosphere and a fraction of the gravity humans are adapted to. One-way vacation anyone?Oh it's Loren grush...Really not a big deal? he just wants to be in the history books risking other lives. Bill the science guy has a huge point.Steal underpants..my next big business planThe skepticism is obvious. They didn't send a human in space yet, and he speaks about Mars already. But anyway I wish a good luck to this open-mind project.We need a more professional host.We've heard over and over how impractical and impossible deep space initiatives are. Frankly.. I have to wonder why popular scientists like, Bill Nye and Niel DeGrasse Tyson, are so keen to occupy such a shallow, uninspired position when considering the subjects of renewing our manned space initiative that would take Us back to the Moon and then on to Mars. Imagine if JFK had stood at that podium and announced the imperative to land Men on the Moon and framed it in terms of the US and Russian Cold War era antics. Consider to... If JFK had gone on to state how impractical, expensive and dangerous a venture going to the Moon would be. Imagine if he focused intently on the overwhelming likely-hood that the attempt would end in failure and loss of life. We would never have gone. All of the impractical, dangerous and seemingly insurmountable obstacles, as well as the political motivations are implicit. I think where we go wrong nowadays is forgetting that dreams are the motivation for any and all Human endeavors. If We cannot be inspired to think fantastically, then and only then, do great Human endeavors whither. We need Our Leaders and Advocates to speak in terms of Infinite Human potential. We need the shadows of Humanity to be cast on the stark, ancient Lunascape. Once again.. Humanities Children, in HD, will cast Their gaze, fixed in sublime wonder, as Humanity recaptures and renews Its' inevitable, insatiable drive to reach-out and touch the mysterious, infinite textures of a Universe that for all of Our known existence has hung, like a mobile, ticking and tinging just beyond the reach of a newborns grasp, but firmly fixed in the awesome depth of those new eyes, uninitiated and unbound, assigned to no creed and without resignation, nor confined within invisible prisons and vacated dreams. We are, by Our birth, and by Nature disposed to strive, in perfect perseverance, to make tangible those seemingly, impossibly remote objects. When We look to the Moon through Our technological extensions to revisit the Moon, We are now able to see, frozen like still-frames, the immutable, perfectly preserved evidence of Humanities' last presence there. After nearly 50 years since Niel Armstrong took those first steps onto the Lunar surface and uttered, what are arguably among the greatest words ever spoken in all of Human history, "That's one small step for Man... One giant leap for Mankind.... We see the remnants of those endeavors. The Lunar Lander decent stages, perched, fixed there, exactly where they touched down almost 2 generations ago. Even more awesome... The trails of the Astronauts footsteps, engraved and forever fixed by virtue of time, under the immutable vacum of endless space and in the grey, crystal talc of the solar-drenched Luna-scape... they become ever-more real, almost tangible, but just out of reach. So... When I hear prominent Scientist today, most of whom were children of the Apollo age, speak of the impractical, impossible and dangerous implications of realizing the dreams of Humanity... I must ask, Where the hell were you when JFK committed Our Nation to achieving the goal of putting a man on the Moon? I must also ask, Where the hell were you when We achieved that goal? Lastly, What, really, was the force that drove Us forward and ultimately, resulted in the success of that endeavor? I can say, with damned conviction and absolute certainty  that it was the whole and collective dream of an entire generation of Humanity to rise above ingrained, destructive ideologies and self-imposed confinement behind invisible and arbitrary boarders. In fear, Humanity renders Itself deaf and blind. In fear, Humanity seeks to destroy what it fears... A mistake from which Humanity has for so long made over and over... Fear is not in something... Fear has no substance... We cannot destroy fear, it is an artifact of the Human condition given Us by Nature.. Fear is a tool for survival, so long as We recognize It for what it is. As beings of superior intellect, Humanity conquers fear by reason. If We subjugate that reason under the grip of fear, We cease to be Human. In fear, dreams become nightmares... instruments of discovery and peace become weapons of war... Adventures of exploration become crusades to conquer and enslave. In fear, Humanity shrinks from It's intimations to wonder and awe of Creation and Its' mysteries. Indeed... Our Universe becomes unbearably small, yet paradoxically, remote and impossibly intangible.that bill nye is a real idiot...this girl is SOoo annoyingyeah yeah 99 % wil die if a explosive happens"Two weeks" "two weeks"3:34 
          TOTAL COST PER ONE MARS TRIP / SHIP     -->      $43   (forgot add M)




but it looks good...        space travelingDeveloping sensible, good-will AI might help while travelling to Mars.Doesn't anyone realize how important an atmosphere is? If you need a reminder just hop in a human sized microwave and set the popcorn button. If you make it to the end without exploding you're ready for life on Mars. if you don't just sit your ass down and be thankful earth still has a habitable atmosphere.Elon is government.Having some robots to do the ground work should be good. I'm not sure how humans can adjust to such a different environment.He's awesome. I heart space. It's a distraction though. You know it.xI think Elon Musk is secretly a Martian trying to make mars great again...I would definitely go to Mars if I had the chance because Earth is getting over populated and won't be able to sustain life much longerPeople or this guy are thick. I mean, there is no oxygen on mars. It's like saying we are moving to moon. How do we move the oxygen barrier before thinking of moving to mars? Help someone??SpaceX seems to be the company to lead mankind into the future since the government is more interested in advancing military tech than colonization on other planets sadlyThere's a lot of "uhm" on MarsThis is pure hype.
Mars is uninhabitable.
Here on Earth, we have vast areas that are uninhabitable at the present time.
Ask yourself.....Which is easier...Make those areas on |Earth habitable or Mars.?Too soon to discover the outer space and too late to discover a continent - FMLUnbelievable, there are people on earth who fight among there self and/or fighting for land. But here we have this guy who says i am not gonna fight for a tiny piece of land when i can have any star in the sky i want. If its gonna succeed thats another thing, but i hope it will. Finally we humans will be for once the cause of creation and not destruction. We are gonna use our weapons for something good. peaceVery nice compression of an hour - long video. Thanks.What he does is pure genius. He is my idol.elon musk will be the iron manfirs they should go to the moonlets make mars great again!360p we meet again.Can someone let me in on this information, because apparently I am stupid. Why are there programs already planning to send people to Mars to start a colony but no one planning to go to the Moon? We can get there much easier than Mars ---> less money.Do you think mars atmosphere can be maintain?I think we should mainly focus on just colonizing we don't have the technology to terraform right now and it would take thousands of years.It will be easier by burning nuclear, fossil fuels, and carbon dioxideMars, run! You don't want humans on your surface! They destroy everything they touch! No just 10 yearsNow assuming we can terraform Mars at all. I think we wouldn't be able to generate an artificial Atmosphere and gravity generator for the next five hundred years. All based on supposition that such technology is even possible. Sounds like a marvelous idea and that is if terraforming Mars is possible at all. I think colonizing Mars as the planet is now would be a dangerous and stupid venture.Pouring gases into the atmosphere, redirecting asteroids to crash on  Mars, give it a large moon, nuke the poles to melt the ice, etc, etc. Nobody seems to have an idea of the proportions here. It's like asking 7 billion microbes to build a sky-scraper!  The magic word is "atmosphere", but in technical terms, Mars hasn't one, it is closer to a vacuum than what the best industrial vacuum pump on Earth can reach. Even the "vacuum" in a thermo flask has more pressure than the Mars "atmosphere". Mind that a thermo flask insulates - that's also what the Mars "atmosphere" does - no cooling of machinery - building factories on Mars? Placing pressurized greenhouses under 'n cupola? They would lift up like a balloon on Earth, just with a much larger force. At one bar pressure difference (100 kPa), the lifting force is 10 metric tons per sqm!  So they need to be closed, very strong spheres instead, getting overheated by trapped solar heat in the thermo-flask "atmosphere" (that it is cold, makes hardly any difference, just a little). Self-sustainable manned bases on Mars is a hoax!The atmosphere on Mars (100 times thinner than Earth's) is already 95% carbon dioxide. If it's not holding heat with that amount of CO2 then making more of it isn't going to do anything. Mars only has 38% of Earth's gravity, it can't hold a Earth-like atmosphere with that gravity, let alone no magnetosphere to shield from the solar winds.  There's a better chance to terraform Venus than Mars if we want to pipe-dream, at least it already has a atmosphere to work with and the planet is the same size as Earth. But let's be real. Not going to happen. The resources and technology to colonize Mars already exist, they are just hidden behind all the money.

We will have to create a nation with a primary goal to colonize Mars.There are sooooo many more hurdles that we have to leap over before even think about colonizing Mars or any other planet. We still have issues getting probes past our own magnetic field and we still have issues with navigating them through the solar system. There's also the problem that some burn up while attempting to enter planets' atmosphere, not excluding our own...so, yeah....you can count me out. I'll stay right here on Earth.They schould bore to the core of Mars and explode there some hydrogen boms or antimatter to make the core active again...Marw will have an magnethosphere what will help in terraforming.We haven't even colonized Antarctica yet and its considerably more habitable than Mars-- at least the South Pole  has oxygen and a magnetic filed to shield you from the solar wind..What if mars was flat?When I was little, my dad once told me that humans used to live on Venus, and did to Earth what this is saying to do to Mars. I know it's not true, but I thought about it for a long time. You know elon musk wants to transform mars in his little playground, so he can enslave people there and explore the reserves of Iron, dont you?You only have few years left to deadline.just a question guys., "is it possible that when we melt or heat up the core of mars, it can then generate it's own magnetic field?" thanks ^^no its to give it an active core and a magnetosphere so the greenhouse gasses wont get blown away by solar winds
and gravity is also a big issue"When the US Government decided to stop funding the space race..." this needs some fact-checking. Perhaps you were intending to highlight the end of the Shuttle Program, which was decidedly not the end of NASA funding. Nice interview with Elon - must have been fun to chat with him.And he is already successfull with the reusable rocket, I've always watched their launches like I watched the launches of the space shuttles. I think I should partner with Elon as I have a crap ton of ideas that would work with his.And the future belongs to both Virgin Galactic and SpaceX.Elon Musk is going to kill us with his bullchit.Elon Musk is one of the few billionaires that i admire, he actually cares about the future of humanity and the planet we inhabit.I haven't seen anything new in space travel till now. I hope we humans get to travel to different systems in the Galaxy.I love this guy!I really don't think humanity is going to go extinct any time soon anyway. All the time, there are diseases on Earth that kill some people so natural selection is constantly selecting for people who can survive diseases.I want to eat her pussyI would also like to her an inteview :-)I would love to clean the toilets at Space X facilities. That eould I could say I work for themImagine if every rich fuck that is probably 1000 richer than this gem of humanity(Elon), would actually invest in a better world and even evolution of man, exploration of space, and preservation of nature.So many problems on earth. Use this money to eliminate poverty. Who cares about Mars. We're not meant to exist forever.Space maybe the final frontier but it's made in a Hollywood basementThe key to true freedom to explore and colonize is anti- gravity. This is where the real research and heavy funding should be directed. A breakthrough in that field  would be a real future changer and saver. It would literally change everything. I know most people think that it's fantasy and science fiction, but it can and must be achieved if we hope to get off of this rock.This chick is hot xDYou are pretty wise to move ahead a little thing for your consideration Mr. Musk please consider a base on moon as well while going to MARS. this will help you a lotshe so wants to bang himso it be obvious that magic probably exist  as we think of real magic it is just a way to effect the world using technical understanding of energies in that are understood by those that have given exploration of those energies a chance and have found that there is something to what is considered magicthis chick wants a piece of Elon lol*blink* A HUNDRED!? Jeez, SpaceX, way to dream big but...shouldn't we aim for just a few first? I mean, if something goes wrong...that's a looooot of people.Are these fcuking people on coke. 
Slow the fcuk down when talking. 
It does not make you look or sound smarter !As awesome as this is, it's very foolhardy and irresponsible to try to make a colony on Mars at this point. We should be focusing all of our efforts on building a self-sufficient base on the moon first.HoaxHow do I sign up for this?I don't understand how using a two stage rocket saves money compared with a bigger 3 stage one. You are asked to break out of the atmosphere more times with smaller rockets. Wouldn't that rise costs and energy required compared to a big rocket breaking out of the atmosphere once?I just wanna smoke a joint on mars one dayMy poop-bags and potato seeds are ready.Should be illegal for a company to doShut up and take my money all of the hole 6 centsSo basically... Elon Musk plans to murder 100 people either in route to, or after landing on Mars.So does anyone know how big this space x shuttle is going to be?Sounds exactly like what i did in ksp.SpaceX, You have soo many fails, get the basics down before you go to mars.That is mindblowing, really! 2023 manned Mars mission!That sounds great and all, and yet were not exactly ready to follow these plans. It irritates and aggravates me that this not something we can do now. LIKE COME ON NASA, SPACE X, GOVERNMENTS, PICK UP THE PACE!! I want to live like it's Infinite Warfare!!You're great. I love watching your excited way to talk about sciences and the space.[Manifest Destiny Intensifies]remember when NASA use to be the cool space companyspaceX never said they are colonizing mars. they said they will get you there, how you die there is entirely your business. there is no plan for shelter, logistic, equipment or anything. YOU have to decide what you need to bring there, they are only planning to transport u there, if you die within 10 minute of arriving, that is your problem.As long as Im not going with a bunch of guys, send a team of hot sexy girls so we can at least populate the red planet, than forget I have a dick for the rest of my miserable lifeDon't put all you're eggs in one basket. Elon Musk doesn't know anything if he thinks Mars would be better than Earth... before 2028!He looks like that guy from the history showHey, Hank, you and your brother are geniuses but dream on.....
https://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/21/opinion/lets-not-move-to-mars.html?_r=0I come from the future year 2016 blah, blah, blah.... The point is; this year MIGHT actually be the year when the MCT's details are revealed. Probably sometime in september.I don't think Elon Musk makes for a good scientist. He decides to withhold useful information for his own benefits.I dont understand the allure of living on mars.Why dont we just colonize Antarctica?Its basically a warmer,whiter version of mars.The oxygen is free,it already has life on it,and it would be way cheaper.If you're interested in Mars missions, The Martian is a great book about a manned mars missionImagine ending your life on Mars.In other words(if you didn't get it) if for example an asteroid hits earth humanity would die out. But if we had multiple self sustaining  colonies on multiple selistial objects then pretty much for each colony it greatly increases humanities survival chanceSending rich people to Mars you say?  Sounds like a great idea.  The question of radiation shielding is interesting to me. Primarily because I don't understand why we are attempting so hard to shield from radiation. They now have batteries that harness the energy of radioactive decay rather than needing a nuclear reaction, they do this in a manner similar to photovoltaic cells. Wouldn't it be much better to harness this energy? I am sure that is no simple task but it seems if we are going to dump a lot of time and energy into something it might as well be the most productive use of that time and energy.They haven't even tested what it would happen if humans tried to live there and return yet he's talking about a colony. Gone crazyWhy pay to go to Mars, to risk your life on earth for a life on a rook in space. And more, the gravity on Mars is lesser, and that means that the kind of humans that gets there, will change and die if they came back, maybe not the first generation, but after a few, they would never be able to live on Earth. And the radiation on Mars is much higher because of its low dens atmosphere. Sure you could protect you from it, but I still wanted to say it.
But still we need to go somewhere else or something like that for backup plans, and potential overpopulation in the future.
That is what I think.
 hey if you have a few thousand engineers trapped in landing pods who knows what they might come up with. Nothing makes for progress like big brains trapped together with nothing else to do. lets dream about make colony like in gundam or like in total recall XDmars one is so gay and its based off of his capsules and rockets so stop commenting on mars-one
waters of mars anyone? maybe not such a good idea.with the colony, would you be able to wear normal clothes and an oxygen mask, or would you have to wear a space suit.4:00 faggit Elon Musk said that they will be the transport system. Living there is easy he said. Failure nasa will do the easy part.Can't wait for humanity to discover the Prothean relics.Do not make a thing harder then it is, about the radiation.First thing I heard that was good and true, about the q&a. This guy would fit well in the audience.I dont mind ads in your videos because your always open about it, and can't really complain when the content is great and it's freeI have Youtube Red. Fuck watching bullshit ads.I leave likes so you still get money when I block your bullshit adds... If I won't watch them then I'll up you in the recommended so somebody else will.I think humans don't thave the right to colonize another planet, I rather die hereIf you wanna make a self sustaining colony you'd need people who know how to build houses (plumbers, electricians, etc) soilders, farmers, etc.Jezus the comment section, disquisting, only idiotic comments get likes.LOLOL who believes this guy? Musk is an obvious fraud.Leaving a living planet to live in a dead one, sounds smart.Omg what an idiot, tipical idiot.Space X is a FRAUD!! it is the new NASA to keep you entertained. They cannot go to space. They cannot deal with the radiation or the ABSOLUTE VACUUM. Do you really think those thin ships or suits would withstand radiation or an absolute vacuum?? Think again. It would be like withstanding the crushing pressure of the deepest point in the ocean, but in reverse. Make sense?? They'd explode instantly if they went up in the ships or suits they have. IT"S A TV SHOW. Mind control to entertain you for cash.The start of Terra Formars...What a fag, look at this idiot, criticizing this mission. The idiot thinks he will look smarter by doing this.What is with this idiotic attitude against such plans by youtubers?is this the new FOX news? the way you present the facts makes it sound like elon is a dumbass for even trying.let's a go!

"Mario"why not try the moon first?"Astronaut has died from starvation..." *Hilarious awkward pause*06:38 The reaction.2:50 LUNCH!6:45. Astronaut has died of starvation. Dead silence for 20 seconds. 7:20. Let's try again. Restart game. Priceless.But Quill? How do you core the land?DislikeHas anyone else played this before?

My first guess would be to land centrally with more than one rover, explore much of the map.

Then land near where you want to live, send more equipment, wait a couple years, or I guess 120 sols in game, THEN launch astronauts.I created an iOS game with the same premise called "Mars Tycoon". Feel free to check it out .MOAR QUILL I NEED MORENow that Sol 0 is finished and available on steam, can you do a follow-up series showing the finished game?Science! xDThis means the launches are every 121 days and 6 hours or so...but this obviously means the ships can't launch from the same point on Earth (or the moon) all the time!When searhing for water, wouldn't you search circularly from the ship, so that you cover the nearby area first?irl they would recycle waterno the Rover don't I have been on Mar for 7 solar years and I was finethe face when he finds out that the astronaut died of starvation... OMG! LOL!well that was painful...you can unclick several of the machines you wont need right away to get your colony started :Pyou were not meant to go faster, you actually went too fast, most send 2 rovers a methane extractor and some supplies on the first launch and wait until they've found water and methane at least

Also the tutorial only explains the basics because literally everything on the launch screen has tool-tips for you to read also exit the window about there being 120 sol between launches and a new window showing recommended launch loads will pop up

This is mostly for those watching this video to see if the like the game as I see you've noticed most of this so farAwesomeness!BORING!!!!!!!!!! WE CAN'T EVEN GET PAST THE VAN ALLENBY'S BELTBlah Blah, mars is a pipe dream. Just build a moon base ElonFORGET ABOUT IT......the RADIATION will kill you !!!
Seriously,....this guy needs speaking ability,...he talks like a third grader.Hey, Ripley, is that you?! Damn you, Seegson syntethics!I think in the future Mars will become a sanctuary while earth decays in its stupidity. everyone will want to go to Mars but only rich people can afford it.I will provide one example as to how a planet can be habitable IMO. How come Earth's the only terrestrial planet in the inner solar system that has a moon while neither Mars or Venus doesn't. Doesn't it make you wonder that the reason to why complex forms life on Mars or Venus never took shape while they were Earthlike(billions of years ago) was because they lack a moon that could stabilize it's rotation axis, providing a stable season pattern like the Earth. Second, a moon would cause a magnetic vibration that would create a strong magnetic field that could reflect the solar radiation and to hold down an atmosphere. Mars lost its atmosphere due to the fact that it lacked a moon like that of Earth's Luna Moon. Had Mars had a moon like Jupiters moon Io, it would be Earthlike today. as well as Venus if Mercury was its moon because it would help it to retain a magnetic field, a stable axis, and a 24-hour Earth rotation that would have expel most of its runaway green house effect. Without a Moon to encircle a planet, complex forms of life as that of the Earth would not form due to constant change in the weather patterns becoming warm of cold on a daily basis. The best way to terraform Mars in under a period of 100 years is to make Jupiter's moon Io Mars' natural satellite that could help its magnetic field and inner surface crust active as that of the Earth. The planet would be able to warm itself up if Io was made as Mars new satellite. The same can be applied toward Mercury becoming a natural satellite of Venus that would solve the problem of getting rid of it thick carbon base atmosphere and make the planet rotate in a 24-hour counter clockwise movement and axis stability...Let's all encourage Trump to go on that flight, along with his political side kicks!
The technology doesn't have to be fully tested...Let's put that rocket to good use and send Trump and Hillary in to space. No return ticket.Mars will not be colonized until this question can be answered: "How will going to Mars make me personally wealthy?" Until that can be answered in a concrete way Mars will not be colonized. I would love to hear an answer.Searle Technology is the only help for mankind.WHY HOMIE WASTIN HIS TIME !?!?? AiNT THAT D. WilCock DUDE & His PEEPS got the MARS JUMPGATE ISH!?!?FUG U NEED A GIANT PHALLUS 4 ? AYO PHOENETICALLY ITS SPACE SEX & this PRESENTATION chock fulla DIK JOKES !!!!!!!!! Jusayin MF QBALL RITUAL TYPE ISH !!!!!!!!!!Wil Mars be governed by Sharia Law? Or... only be accessible to sanity-checked people...You're Full of Shit, Elon...You Said You Would Put Humans Into Space And On Mars Before 2024, Now You Pushed It Back To 50-150 Years. I Know Space Does Not Exist, But These Apes Believe You. You Should Be Arrested And Tried For Treason.`musk' is a fraud and he is not president of the universe-obana is a fraud alsohow about fuel like thorium??? won't a fuel like that suppose to last us millenniums?pause after call for all races taken was concerningwe should colonize the moon first..whats the rush wait a while and we will have 3d printer modules that will print your city before you get there.yeah you know how to warm planets up smh2025 we will be in Contact with Marsians !Cant colonize a shit using curently available technology which based over apollo style systems which are useless and obsolette.
New matterials and spacecrafts are required.
Much stronger. Like graphene and carbon nanotubes.
Btw apollo is hoax,ISS is unmanned object and mars rover is fake prop in earth desert. Simply get money for non existing missions. So there are 2 types of technologies - apollo style and star wars style.
Falcon 9 rocket VS millenium Falcon. When build millenium falcon for real we gonna land and colonize Mars.
I have far superior designs than currently available one.
Which are the competitors of SpaceX? I have to offer them my designs. Together we can make real spaceships. Right now we have no spaceships but obsolette useless rockets.Go Elon  !!!  You are a true visionary.   Holger Kolle DK. EU.Great dream. Elon. I born the same day born you and  the same year . I know you . are you made it!How do they solve the problem of the Van Allen radiation belts?I am i am not the Only one who says that the music for this video is ... a bad choice.If i was alowed to dont get to big injure mentaly ang in physiks i would like to enyoe ! Magnus GIf there will be a hir World war 3 during the flight to planet Mars They will be away 12 month! I dont Think there will be more wars than the tense and intesity whats going on, or more !Interplanetary Transport system part 3 will be up soon.Just dreaming.  It cannot be accomplished.Really nice video , Thumbs up!

(Try  to not get the subs in or below the logo Reallllly Annoying.)THERES THINGS GOING ON.THAT WE THE PEOPLE ARE NOT ALLOWED TO KNOW.. QUOTE FROM EX CIA..   EX PRESIDENT BUSH SENIOR.   "WE CANT HANDLE THE TRUTH." MY REPLY.  YOU CANT HANDLE THE PEOPLE KNOWING THE TRUTH. THE UNELECTED FORCES IN THE GOVERMENT WONT ALLOW THIS TO HAPPEN""!!  A BOOK TO READ WITH FACTS OF WHATS GOING ON. " INSIDERS REVEAL. SECRET SPACE PROGRAMS & EXTRATERRESTRIAL ALLIANCES. BY MICHAEL. E. SALLA. PH,D."  ANTARCTICA. MOON.. MARS. SOLAR WARDEN. TR-3B. TELEPORTATION... NIKOLA TESLA.The Klackons and the Silicoids are all over the galaxy by now, but the Terrans haven't even built their first colony base yet!This won't work. The market is for a hotel in orbit or on the moon. Way much easeay and still crazy difficult and costly.Well done man. I subbedWhats the big hype with the Mars? Its same as colonizing a huge desert, except more expensive, invasive and polluting. Why not colonzie Sahara first if you're such a colonization enthusiast.it wqill be fun, they will even have private security people watching over you for safety and protection of the colony maybe even robots who do it.. for the overseer and his gangnever gonna happenso, what happens when someone dies, where would you bury them...? just a thought.1. Set up colony and launch area on Mars
2. Mine resources from Jupiter
3. Take resources along with other things and thin out the atmosphere of Venus while also cooling the planet down. dramatically.
4.Give Mars some large Moons (Mine Saturn's rings?) that will pull on Mars' core and eventually melt it, giving it a magnetic field.
5. colonize the Moons of the gas giants.But is Mars better than Earth?Cosmic rays are, like, totally rad.False advertising clickbait lolHere is how I see it, Start with the moon, it is by far the best test and training ground for knowledge and techonolgy we will need to establish a perment colony on Mars and to establish Mining in the asteroid belt.If i ever made it to another planet, I would plant my flag on it and call it mine, and people here on earth would not be able to say shit. lmao, I would own my world all for me. So those laws made here on earth would be void either they like it or not.Let's be honest. We fucked up Earth. Humanity needs to die.Mars is better than Venus!?!?? oh my the feminists prob had a field day with this. Doing their spiel of the  'BLAH BLAH DOWN WITH THE PATRIARCHY!' nonsense.Mars sucks, Venus rocks!Not even worth of being called a disappointment...OMG all these misled people. YOU CANT GO TO THE SURFACE ON VENUS. That means you can't get materials. Nothing. And there is no water. And there is direct sun radiation and there is no ozone layer. Cheaper? NO. YOU WOULDN'T BE ABLE TO COLONIZE VENUS since you can't get water, and you can't use resources from the surface. WE WOULD BE JUST DEPLETING EARTH FASTER.Ue your head people. Do you think you're smarter than NASA and SPACEX? Jesus. The internet truly is cancerSo your argument is basically touching the surface of a planet is cool, therefore Mars wins.Stating that Mars' atmosphere is 95% carbondioxide sounds misleading, because many would couple that with a thick atmosphere like Earth, but in fact Mars hardly has any atmosphere, so even if it had the same composition as on Earth, you couldn't breath it. Also bringing astroids/comets into Earth orbit is a very bad idea, because you will most likely generate alot of spacedebry which is a huge risk to spaceflight/operations.That's surfacismVenus is an engineering problem. Mars is a quantum physic problem. Choose your game Trace. And throw surfacism out the window while you're at it, would ya?Venus is much better choice for first colonization attempt. Its gravity 
is slightly lower thus better than Earth but not too low to cause 
issues, it is warm and technically there would be no issues with power 
such as necessity to store it as solar energy could be harvested all the
 time due to possibility to just move to bright side of planet. Mars is 
much harder and completely unreasonable. I wonder why russians insisted 
to land on Venus instead of do doing research in upper atmosphere. 
Surfacism sucks indeed =(Venus is the best. But Venus is neglected.What a bunch of anti-scientific bullshit.i belive that someday man will step on venus surface.when he describes Venus he sounds like he is in ghost bustersAfter all the hard work of NASA with it's people living a simulated landing for over a year in Hawaii.
I believe we have enough footage, that once we sienna tint the footage, the Mars trip will look quite real.
And we won't be bothered by those pesky air bubbles, like being filmed in a pool.
Where will the homeless and poor live on Mars ?

No human should set foot anywhere, until able to live peacefully on earth.First of all first build base on the Moon ...Fuck u that is what u want to do..Fuck u,// Who cares if there is a life on Mars, We can even learn to live with each other.,
These assholes just want their six figure pay checks Fuck u again..Hi Neil  Hopefully Europa too!I don't care what anyone thinks. If you disagree, you're wrong. Humanity's #1 priority is to get to Mars ASAP.I feel like once there is a significant corprate presence on mars there is going to be a war over what ever important resource that we haven't found on mars yet. and I kinda feel like once people get what they want NASA will become irrelevant and considered a hoarder of space exploration plus I feel like a lot of international waters rules will be changed for the sake of colonization....I hate to say this but Mars does not want any human.... Because humans bring a lot of violence, suffering and hate. Imaging taking the atomic bomb there?.I think it'd be very good if we Cut all foreign aid, military spending by 50%, give it all to Space Exploration because that's where the real future is.It will never happen.  We have not even been back to the moon.  Total idiocy.Learn to live with each other first..Sounds like the Americans in these comments are lukewarm at best about Mars. On the flipside, China will quite happy to get there first, unchallenged. THEN you can have your "let's fix Earth" argument to keep you happy.Use the money on starving children';s... sounds lot better for me.When we go to Mars we will find absolutely nothing, a waste of time, they need to invest time and money in propulsion.Why shouldn't we go to Mars?i DON'T KNOW IT WOULD BE LIKE MOVING OUT A £100 Million mansion to go and live in a cheap tent with holes in it on the Savannah. If they can take paradise with them to Mars it would not just be a feat of engineering but also a feat of aesthetic achievement as well. I can't believe humanity would want to live on a distant bloody desert.idk why you assholes are here waiting for ww3 you peice of shit are going out of your weaponed mindsit should be half gravityя не понимаю одного, почему везде все красное на Марсе? да на нормальном фото небо с голубым оттенком как и нашей планете...Bill, you forgot the most important part - that he was conflating conditioning and evolution. A person who trains to climb Everest is not evolving, they are conditioning themselves, and (to our current knowledge) their conditioning is not reflected in their offspring.Canada was not colonize by Europeans ,it was by native AmericansHumans colonize places with plentiful resources, not barren wastelands with nothing.  We will be here until our extinction.I could easily imagine a hotel on mars.  And then you would need supporting staff who would live there a year round.I like Bill Nye, but i think this is a swing and a miss .. Of course we are going to "colonize" other planets, even though there are no water and air there. We must leave earth. As basic as that .. 

Also the movie is called "The Space between us" - if you are going to quote a movie. Do it right.I like Nye but he seems so clueless in this video. Of course will colonize mars, in the future. Terraforming etc. And yes we would probably evolve to have Lighter skin due to less UV light and be taller due to the gravity changes. I hate him in this video. He usually is very intelligent but this? No, he is being a dick.I think it's "The Space Between Us"  rather than "The Worlds Between Us" , actually I'm positive.  - Nobody else caught that ??I've heard that Mars is a death trap.  Poison soil, weak gravity, numerous deadly problems.Maybe that's what we should do, try to figure out a way to colonize Antarctica before we even try the cosmosPerhaps a temporary science colony but Mars will never have a permanent thriving human colony.The astronauts need to be carried out after long duration missions because their muscles have atrophied, not because any sort of evolution - which doesn't occur in a single generation anywayThe movie is Space between us.  :)  I thought it was pretty cool.The only possible way Mars could really be colonized is through terraforming, and massive scale on-site automated Mars baby factories. Extensive gene-editing, to manually select the traits a martian baby would need to survive. Pretty much none of them would survive even a year, until two sexually compatible specimens do. And then you have to start the process over with their offsprings, and again until you finally get a specimen that can sustain life on Mars, AND reproduce, AND be functional. And by then, he's probably not really human anymore. Completely unethical, but that is really what it would take to catch up on millions of years of natural evolution.What is life without the birds,trees,sky,butterflies,mountains and oceans. If you want to live on mars try staying in your house for a year with a small group of people. We need sun and air and water. Without the sun our bodies get naturally depressed.Yeah but Elon Musk says yes we can do it so suck it up Bill. Lolfor me i feel like this is one of the best questionsi counter your movie "the worlds between us" with  "john carter".we will colonize marswhy not colonize both Antarctica and mars?why should we move to another planet when this one is just fine.  It's getting worse here yes, but it will be after all of us right now watching videos are either old or dead that things will be as dystopian and horrible as one thinks , more humans = more crowding, lesser quality of living, its called a condom people , or its called keep it in your pants. earth can't handle 30 billion humans, also be careful what you wish for.(believe me or dont) but ill possibly be working at the mcmurdo base the summer of 2019 to the winter of 2021 as an hvac technician there are still two spots left and its a big decision and it requires alot of training so maybe i will find out what its like on marsAll these years and we still wears those adorable bowties.Anti SpaeX?Bill Nye ... UnSubscribeBill Nye is a cool guy, but he's not a true working scientist. he's never published a single paper in any peer reviewed journal.  He's mostly a talking head.Bill Nye the Martian guy. Evolutionists: behold your prophet. Your future is either the moon or Mars, with a steady diet of mars-mallows (gmo of course)Bill Nye the science guy!But...there is no "hole" in the ozon layer. Its much thinner for some in some areas.Hollywood is too much, when they talk about Antarctica all I can think of is some form stealing alien hiding in the ice!If we colonise Mars it won't be cold and without air. The current plan is to terraform Mars by releasing alot of heat to cause an accelerated super golobal warming. Mars is full of water, oxygen and more importantly CO2. But they are all trapped either in the poles or under the ground. If we can heat Mars enough, by nukes or focusing mirrors to reflect sunlight on the poles or by building greenhouse factories, it would trigger a chain effect in that the more CO2 is freed the faster the global warming would progress. That would give Mars an atmosphere where pressure is suitable for Earth-ly life along with oceans and rivers. It would still be dim and colder than Earth, but it would be very habitable. The true problem facing the colonisation of Mars is the lack of a magnetic field in the planet, that means if solar winds come near the planet they would strip the planet from its atmosphere.Jesus i wish i could go to mars if hillary clinton becomes president. She,l lock us all up an call us super predators again . Fuck that bitchMagnetic field? Isn't anybody worried about the lack of a magnetic field?Mushrooms are not plants....Pretty sure we'll trust actual scientists with degrees when it comes to this stuff Bill.

Stick to getting kids interested in the subject and call it good budWait a minute, mushrooms aren't plants! They are in the fungi kingdom. Did someone else notice that? I got nothing but love and respect for Bill Nye, but that was a mistake in the description.What about the perchlorates in the soil? Even if you created a greenhouse that could control the climate and the air, you still wouldn't be able to grow things in Martian soil. Because of the toxic perchlorates, the plants probably wouldn't grow, and even if they did, if you ingested any of the soil, you would become extremely sick.Why are they shouting? They're inside and have mics right next to their faces.With a nuclear reactor Mars colonization wouldn't be all that cold. You can recycle every gas and excrement you (and 50 other people) produce with that much power! Also 'perpetually' lit greenhouses.I hear your mom is ultra fat. Maybe we could terraform her first, with her having her own gravity and all.I know how to terraform mars. If only I  had the money and the engineering knowledge, I could get the ball rolling :'(I think we should terraform Mars first, then Venus, then Moons of Jupiter and Saturn.I would like to kolonize the sun. I heard that its hit but we could terraform it...Live on an ice moonMethane is one of the best greenhouse gases for Mars.
Because it is produced by living organisms.Of course Mars is the more exciting choice for colonizing outside our atmosphere, but I would rather see my tax dollars go to something much easier first. Earth's orbit would be my first choice but Earth's moon may be a better one. Ferrying all the materials into orbit and assembling them as the current space stations are assembled may be even more expensive and difficult than if factories on the moon's surface were developed. 

From a moon space craft factory, outer moons, asteroids and planets would be easier for so many reasons. The science needed to make those trips and to settle outside our own atmosphere would be developed faster because that is how colonizing other places would be all about. I vote Earth's moon first but it just seems to make since to me that building a orbiting space station, putting it into our moon's orbit could assist whatever moon base is put there.Sooooo much flair lens!!! Its not needed that much bro.Titan, Europa and Ceres are also yet to better be colonized than just Mars alone, so we could have a lot of people living within the solar system in the future, yet the prime concern is the magnetoshpere of some of those future worlds to live.VenusVenus could work with floating cities.We could do Venus buuuuut we would you know implode on impact with the surface sooooooooo yeah, Mars is a better ideaWe really need to sit down and think hard on how to terraform your head.first the moon and then Marshold up. let's shoot all of earth's pollution to Mars. problem solved!!magnetosphere...niggers never dont could colonize the mars only whites and east asianswe might have to nuke the core of marswe sholde colnize veins way better for colnizezashinwe should first test colonizing on the moon, then marsADASTRA  Aerospace :
Let's go to the stars.         Shall we? 
https://www.generosity.com/community-fundraising/adastra-aerospaceALL I WANT IS A QUESTION FOR ELON MUSK TO ANSWER?   IN ORDER TO GO TO MARS.HOW WILL YOU GET THROUGH THE VAN ALLEN BELTS WITHOUT ENDING UP ...  DEAD??Comment section is depressing af. I can't imagine how anyone with even a shred of curiosity could be against space exploration. There is some solace to be found in the fact that we're already moving forward, despite the naysayers. Heck, China, Russia, the European space agency and NASA, ALL have ongoing mars programs. Humans will have been to Mars by 2040 at the latest. Deal with it.First, we need to stabilize Mars' rotation.  Let's construct a small moon to orbit Mars, and let's call this small moon the "Death Star".  
We will need someone to be in charge of the "Death Star", so let's appoint an Emperor.  But with such a large ship, we need a lot of staff.  So let's start developing a clone army to support this ship, and we can call these clones "Storm Troopers".
What do you think???He puts snake oil salesman to shame.In my opinion better to try the ring of asteroids that lies between Mars and Jupiter, to select a block of ice, set the charges on them so that they fell to Mars. Thus there will be more water. Her pair raise density of the atmosphere because of which melts at the poles caps of frozen carbon dioxide, and will raise the density of the atmosphere even more. From this it follows that it is possible to use parachutes for landing, no need to carry water to the plant and can be grown in open ground. And if the water will be enough at the equator is reduced temperature fluctuations. water will heat the battery like on the ground. I understand that this is a super complex task can just about no one thought, decided to tell.Just another Puppet of NASA and he is getting paid for all the Bull Shit. Let him explain how he will get out of the Atmosphere when his Bosses at NASA openly proclaim they cannot get out of the Atmosphere as per their Orion scientist !
What a lot of CRAP !MARS IS NOT RED ANYMORE. 
So, Elon is miscalculating.This guys cache of excess fed reserve notes is screwing up his mind, if he has one.. What a loony tuneThis man is brilliant.While the Brazilian imbecile is worried about the samba school that will be champion and pre-salt to give basic basket to the useless, the United States is taking care of our solar system, appropriating, of course, with all merit and justice. Help us.
Enquanto o brasileiro imbecil está preocupado com a escola de samba que será campeã e pre-sal para dar cesta básica para os inúteis, os Estados Unidos estão tomando conta do nosso sistema solar, se apropriando, é lógico, com todo o merecimento e justiça. Socorra-nos.With unlimited potential fuel supply on Mars and very small gravity well, why not uses a cycler that is large enough to carry fuel from mars and back. The extra rocket launches there would only help with green house efforts. Wouldn't a thousand person cycler would make this way more affordable from refueling from Earth

Once the the cycler got back to Mars the fairy ships could have return fuel and passages ready to load as the fair ships deliver new passages to Mars. 

The cycler could be much larger and heavier never needing to break earths gravitational pull.am I in the sci-fi movie? colonize mars? It sounds like a dream. Can I build a home on the mars? can I plant potato?can anything living even survive on mars. it has no molten core or magnitek rings around the planet , earth is protect mars is not, there is a serious risk of solar flares destroying equipment and lives, seriously it may all well be achievable, but why mars? the desert planet hmmm i smell bullshit. the mission should be to uranus because thats pretty much the s h i t e coming out of this project. ELON MUSK , the the mmo mmoo most boring guy to se sell such a big idea, i need a stong coffie to listien to this guy. and i like science fiction, i'd like a pound for every eer this guy says i mean where is his passion , he is a flopgreatest news announcement in history... 66k views... america, you deserve me.has anybody figured how to get humans past the van allen radiation belt, its just 200+ miles  above earth are magnatized rings of trapped solar particals . that any human to sit in a metal box and hope to survive is just madness. unless we ship some led shield up there!no essays just questions. yeah so only the  guy speaking is the one that chats poo sanatize your bullthat makes absolutely no sense why not just take the fuel in the first place?? lmfaothe cost of manned deep space exploration is insane...we could do robotic atmospheric and geologic sample return missions from almost every major rocky/icy body in the solar system for the cost of one manned mission to mars.the space ship takes several months from earth to the mars. what if a passenger die on board. the body will  polluted the air inside the ship. everything may happen during the long journey.h^:kerbal space program Класная игру посмотри советуюА будет ли American Truck Simulator?В чём смысл этой игры?Владимир, сыграй в Kerbal Space Program. Ты в последнее время космосом увлёкся. Там ты будешь сам ракеты строить.Игра заинтересовала. Как будет русский язык, куплю. Спасибо! Лайк и подписка.Люди что лучше Sol 0 Mars Colonization или планетбейз?Начни на лунеСкучноватая игрушкаСтепан давно я не видел твой проход игр ))) наконецто я смог посмотреть УРА ))Хотел бы с тобой в Farming Simulator 15 поиграть :)Эээххх...скучаю по майнкрафту.Ядерные движки в америке прошли не только этап прототипирования, но и несколько циклов испытаний на полигонах, а почему не стали вводить в эксплуатацию? Бизнес, всего лишь бизнес, ничего личного, ты же в курсе что стало с первыми электрокарами ...да правильно марс 1еда остаётся на планете, те ящики это детали, еда расходуется с планеты а не модуля. учти это.можно ссылку на обзор?прадалжай летс плей!туфта фс  лутшеэто дроня за ета игра мне нравитса !!!#1 bullshit!#FAKE100% fake without a doubt!!!!And you want me to believe all this shit ??
Naahh not buying !!Hahahahaha, who holds the hand held camera? Man, this is soo clearly a build set.Hand held footage from mars....... aye rightHey if they can send a camera man to the red planet it shouldn't be hard to send a recolonizing group.  Or maybe this video is fake....just saying.Igor, I am overwhelmed by your passion and creativity and your desire to warn mankind and my question is: if Niburu is going to sling comets our way and given the size of Niburu which is at least 4 to 10 times earth's size and Mars is just the next planet over at 60% of earth size, why would Mars be exempt from the comets heading in this direction. Truth is eternal and knowledge is power, well meaning thoughts, love and respect for each other will ensure our survival and motivate us to make us a better race of souls. thks youIt's stuff like this that contributes to the massive chaos already here  I wonder how you will hold up when it's time to pay up for your actions when the choices are Mad Max or Lord Of The Flies or WWIII or a combination of all three.More fake BS vids.NASA Productions, Inc. using your money to cage you in a Godless world. Seek the Heavenly Father, He is who they're hiding.Nice little movie. But people should know, because you should tell them in the description that your videos are NOT REAL. Great Movies though. You visit lots of fascinating Science and Movie Museums. You should tell us which ones you are visiting so we can go to. Dont just film it and then edit it together like its some kind of Real Place you have Secret Films from. We aren't stupid. Well... Most of us aren't. GREAT JOB THOUGH!! Use Your Talents to Promote Truth and We Shall All Be Set Free.Read the  'Da Muffin Papers' ASAPSeen better footage on Nick at Nite, NASA.   hahahahaTOTALLY FAKE BULLSHIT llll This so incredibly fake it makes me sick to think that someone would take the time to make this video with toy radio controlled tractors even. Get a real fucking job and STOP PRODUCING THIS SHIT DICKHEAD !!!!!! Also JUPITER LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE SHIT IN YOUR VIDEO. FUCK, some people !!!!The next shit.What a complete waste of time...asshole.oh boy; just watched a nasa video about their new plane with a telescope in it...autoplay and here we arewhat the fook. seriously. hahaha No.#occupyvenus3:03 I hope this old man lives longer to see spacex delivering and returning humans to mars !Anyone who says something is too complicated for robots, is an idiot. In 20 years time, that will not be the case. Failing to plan for advances in technology is something Nasa is famous for. And failing to plan correctly is their hallmark since Apollo.Duh this guy's a joke, Elon said the return trip is free whenever you want to go. What is he talking about "private investors" will just leave people there?House the homeless first.I am writing a book about the very subject consisting of the colonization of Mars called Operation Mosquito.  It's called Operation Mosquito because in the book, the governments at the United Nations decide to slowly destroy our Earth population (not all of it) while sending approximately fifteen thousand citizens to Mars at the same time. The Prime Minister of Canada notices how the whole plan is quite similar to how a mosquito takes the blood of its victim but leaves behind malaria from its saliva. That's all I will say for now folks ... this sort of subject fascinates me!If there were a big enough space inside of a space ship... could somebody go in the middle and stop all movement then not be able to get to the wall or ceiling or floor? Anybody know what I mean..?It is better to colonize asteroids. They are easy to land, take off and create earth gravity by rotating.Let's go to the stars.     Shall we?   
ADASTRA Aerospace : 
https://www.generosity.com/community-fundraising/adastra-aerospaceMan cannot go to Mars, it's all science fiction!!! Happy dreaming everyone.Musk will nuke the ice caps.... and the water vapour will steam off into space over scores of years...  .... case closed....My gf saw me watching this and asked ''do you have passion for me arse?"The Dream... you transform Mars in a Earth like planet and then destroy it in 100 years of industrialization ?Wouldn`t it be easier to create a human like robot and control it remotely ? I know there will be a delay because of the distance but I think it would be easier than sending people to the planet....lets
explore space
give
it a go
land
on a planet
name
it hello



we
could build homes
save
for the future



we
could dig deep
plant
for awhile



we
could have fixtures
rise
in a moment



we
could sit tight
excite
and unwind



lets
explore space
give
it a go
land
on a planet






name
it hellolooks like mars suffered global warming kkkkk from martians doing industry kkkknice videothe US faked the mars landing  in a Hollywood studio to bankrupt the Soviet Union
- 2040 A lot of scientists have said Mars One are way over their heads and are too unequipped and don't have enough knowledge to go through with it. In fact they said that the first human there will probably be dead in about 3 months Also, Mars is not a freezing planet, it does not need a "global warming", the temperatures in most regions are between 20 to 90 Fahrenheit (in the shade!), pretty much like earth.  tsk tskAmazingAny bacteria there are most probably long dead and secondly the bacteria would not be adapted to human biology so it would not infect us First, Mars does not look like that, it does not look like a red barren rock. Second there is no reason to think Mars' bacteria are evolved to infect humans or more dangerous than the ones on earth. Third, since when Mars One talked about eating cockroaches in particular? Fourth, the astronauts would have protection against radiation, so no horrible "Martian cancer".Giant Cockroaches for Mars... Terraformars anyone?Here's a crazy thought... The ISS may be taken offline in the next ten years... Why burn it up in the atmosphere when we could turn it into a space ship for a mars mission? Just add one more module with a water shield for radiation protection during the trip and add an engine...Ok let's screw Earth, so we can go and screw mars. Let's throw asteroids into Mars so it hear's up. Come one, we got earth with its beautiful landscapes, its flowers, its seas, its nations,languages, religions, beauties. Anyway it is impossible, I don't know why I'm writing this comment .So, lets not forget that Mars' gravity is less than ours and would cause bone loss thats more than the elders lose per year. Heavy Vitamin D and calcium in the diet would be mandetory.There is one big issue that trumps all else: Mars's weak magnetic field.


Terraforming remains impossible, even if we somehow try to pump gasses into the atmosphere, since every single solar flare will basically brush away the ozone layer in a single sweep , while radiating any living organisms with lethal levels of radiation because Mars's magnetic shield is practically non-existent


If humans want to be able to colonize Mars in the long run, they will need to consider living underground in atomic shelters, only going out when they really have to.Ugh, the narrator is a deliberately pretentious person, and spreading lies/half-truths to a non-thinking and ignorant audience.What's the name of the tune in the first part? Anyone knows?
Why do people keep talking about taking care of this planet first its just fine its the most peaceful it has been in human history we are affected by diseases the least we have been in human history once again its just fine its just the fear mongers that will have you believe that the world is on the verge of collapse.Why not colonize the moon first ?oh i really hope no human will ever manage to colonize any other planet.the human sickness should die togeter with the planet we re alredy destroing day by day.we re the cancer of universe,and if u want to say "not everyone",i alredy answer u,YES EVERY SINGLE ONE,letting someone destroy the planet means u re destrying it aswell,what a weird creature we are uh ?reposted this to http://www.reddit.com/r/Futurologywe can't even manage ebola or run fair elections, we are so far away from this right now...we could crash Phobos into Mars as it is already on a collision coursewe could put an internet on Mars and let's say someone uploaded a video it could be sent to Mars and take 6 - 45 minutes to get to the Martian internet and take about the same time to load it will take 6 - 45 minutes to update#hypetrain No Mans Sky  nostalgia lmao..Elon musk stick to making over priced electrical carsHe is the new GodIronically, could cause an extinction event by trying to avoid an extinction event.Modern day Columb. Legend!Nice mustache Mr Musk. Could be a sign he is turning an evil villain?No religious people go to mars! we don't want our children on other planets to be poisoned and brainwashedSo now he's going full-on insane. Interesting to watch the process unfold, if you're into case histories.So ummm. About those refuges...So, they plan to study the planet, THEN terraform it?! I think it's priority to do that after the first few months..THIS guy is supposed to be a genius?Whoever colonises Mars, or any other planet than earth, wins. They win history and mankind. They will dominate the human specieget ass two marshow we gone colonize mars when we cant even get to the moon.."again"i guess mars really has a earth like atmosphereif they found out that Mars have oil then the US gov't will fund this and have a launch date by next weekwe can build a stellar ship and go far and find life in other planets,,,,,,,,,, but nasa and space x are 2 slow,,,,,,,,,,,, anyway people die on earth whats the point 2 risk it far,,,,,,,,,,,, europa is probly more livable cuz of oceans and waterwe need top tech 2 refuel with hydrogen air in spacewe ruined earth now we can ruin more planetswhy look for other planet to live on when there's already earth?? U want to wear suits when traveling around mars? Spend our ideas and energy on earth rather, true happiness comes from self contentment.Any IVAs?Frankly, I don't think this whole system will work. The merlin, though good, has problems. The solution to that problem isn't to put 42 in a ring. The heat caused by 42 of them working at once will be tremendous, especially as you get closer to the center of the ring. Such a concentration of extreme temperatures could melt the engines in the inner ring, possibly igniting the fuel tank. Another problem is the vibrations caused by such an extreme number of engines running at once. NASA has to use almost a million gallons of water to keep the shuttle engines from cracking the ground around the launch pad. The shuttle only used 3 engines, the colony ship will use 42, an exponentially higher number. Without damping, the ground could shake like an earthquake. Finally, what is the solution to micrometeorites?  This ship is absolutely massive and will be a magnet for the little buggers. Though tiny, these pebbles cause tremendous damage, the ISS has to deal with this problem daily. 

At the end of the day, none of this really matters, because the Earth is not round, it is a convex disk. No one will get to mars because there is no space. Rocket science is perfectly valid and follows the laws of thermodynamics, however none have ever been to space because nothing that we can invent is capable of passing the filament.Great video, great animation! Thanks.Great videos here. Marcus, would love to see a Dr. Robert Zubrin "Mars Direct" style mission, to include the artificial gravity rotation during the transfer to Duna. That would be really cool.Holy..?!
Weeks? That mod was made in WEEKS?!I love this gameI see what this is x3I've been using this mod for a while. had no idea you made itIf that returning booster stage fails to land on the desired location, it could endanger populated areas. I hope real life proposals have that in mind, and have a counter measure planned for such instance, G-d forbid.Its a giant dildo.The ITS.....I-it scares me.... ._.WHICH link?When you only have 12 FPS....and is playing the game on a NOT-GAMING laptop :/
x3 many crashes, save files corrupted, can anyone help with the corrupted part?
I think I'll need to copy the save file onto another save file, right?YES MUSK!! DO THIS PLEASEhas anyone noticed that he said Mark Thrimm as if he wasn't?iNCARNATION OF GOLDEN AGE  LORD KRISHNA     SIR ELON MUSKour channel has gone a long way since sub 52, hasn't it. I subbed when he had 3,475 subs, and now you have about 3 times that amount. keep up these vids, and you will be at 100,000 subsstop with the cinematic thingywell done. best wishes from Argentinawhat is the clouds mod???Again the same, old stuff under different name.Are you kidding? There is oxygen, not soil,no water,freezing cold and not much to do.Maybe we could send the bankers politicians and lawyers there.1 way tickets.Even if they did produce an atmosphere on mars without a magnetic field its going to get stripped away by solar winds.Fascinating, but naïve & arbitrary. In a capitalist society there are only 2 reasons to inhabit Mars, profit or survival, until then it's a romantic ideal.Hey Hal, let's also ban dip-shits and your like minded freaks.....on my planet we will have ARs, burn diesel like a mother and send Prius owners into deep space. Eat itI don't get it - why are you people constantly re-uploading documentaries under different name, practically stealing them. Reported!I have been a fan of Zubrin plan for going to mars for years however his idea of transforming Mars is just DISHONEST. 
He is being dishonest because he knows very well what the fundamental problem with Mars is. Mars core solidified billions of years ago and thus it lost it's magnetic field. With no magnetic field, solar wind stripped its atmosphere almost completely. Even if you fill up Mars atmosphere it will be stripped with solar wind once again. I'm sorry but Mars is dead, there is nothing we can do about that.I would love to see a manned mission to mars, my generation grew up with space flight as a rather redundant concept, our parents dreamed of space when they saw the apollo astronauts land on the moon however their generation mothballed all the ideas of actually exploring this vast new frontier. I would very much like my kids to watch in awe as the first humans walk on the martian surface.If we were able to live on Mars, how would it's low gravity affect the human body?  I think after a generation or two that humans will change.If you think this will work try it first in a uninhabitable place like Flynt Mi . If you can reclaim that you may have a chance on mars.Remind me to come back here in 3yrs time so I can cry about the fact that we're still flapping around in low-Earth orbit.War is good for politicians and business trillions are spent on wars but a lack of will and courage from these same politicians will prevent any such Mars mission anytime soon.The money is could be made available  just not the will to do it.Why has nothing come back from mars? Can it be done ? SHOW ME Then we'll talk morebuild a military base and deport some nukes....American declaration just sayinidk. I think the question for me is:

what makes us as humans figure we have the right, or that we OWN Mars. The way this theory is talking it's kinda bothering me. Thats a heavenly body. what makes us think we have the right to just go there, and start bringing ppl over. building these bases if you will. and then warming up the planet? ARE YOU INSANE?! 
We already know that humans are a horrible life form. yes we have wonderful atributes that makes us unique, such as the ability to create, but we also have very very bad attributes as well.
like killing things. everything in our wake. we are locus. what makes you think that once we start warming up this planet, everything will just be peaches? 
we are addicted to fossil fuels and I really don't think in 10 years we are going to be dependent from them. which then poses the question, what if we warm up Mars to much?
 We warmed it up so quick in the beginning that now everyday emissions put us RIGHT BACK IN THE SAME POSITION WE ARE IN ON OUR HOME PLANET TODAY?...

doesnt make much sense does it? look I'm all for exploring and having small amounts of ppl over there to explore n do samples n that sort of stuff. but I'm not done to fuck up another beautiful Devine body that I had nothing to do with making. so therefore I don't own. therefore I don't have the right to 'warm' it up. change it of u will. until we fix what we have done here, we have no right to go there long term.

STUPID. just 'humanly' ignorant.

rant done.no photos ..of anythingtake smokers and send them there without their tobacco???!!!!  LOL!!! that's fuc-ed up, man!!  they wouldn't extend their lives it would guarantee the whole crew kills each other a few hours after leaving earth. maybe 3 days at best. and for them it would be a horrific, tearful experience of woe and utter torment mentally and physically, and theyd be useless as a crew of space travelers. nicotine withdrawal is as bad as narcotics withdrawal, and more addictive, but at least they have a needle they can stick you with for heroin withdrawal. theres no such needle for nicotine.   itd be one hell of a brief trip.   or  a living nightmare of one. but they would die non-smokers for sure.these plans are expensive because they require keeping people alive. remove the people (astronauts) and the mission is cheaper, it can survive funding cuts, etc. send power plants, fuel generators, and telecom devices there now, and do as much remotely as possible, and send people when it is cheap and affordable.with present tech , no trying is just a waste of time and resourcesyes lets colonize mars so we can fuck that also up just like earthBeautiful videoCan't wait till the next one! keep up the good work!Could you try sending the ITS to other bodies in the solar system like Titan or our moon?I don't know if Musk's idea of the IST is the best idea for the first mars landing.
baby stepsI love how this comment section finds issues and digs for solutions, at this rate we'll have the whole mission (and backups) planned out before Mr. Musk XDIs there a 5th episode planned for release soon?Love the videos, love the familiar aussie accent as well!Love your videos. You deserve way more views!. Sort it out! :)Mars doesn't have a magnetic field... so they need protection against fast electrons or those plants will die instantly.Nice job Mark. I dont even know how to get a base to a planet or moonOh my god this is the exact plan of the SpaceX mars colonization mission go look it up it's pretty much word for wordOk Mark, you got a good voice, Americans love the accent.  You got some good content, and you make good Mods...  Hey buddy, Its Dren...   But its KSP and it might be dying a bit more.  I hope your channel goes man, so here's a Sub from a forum member.Plant protein is much better than insects fed on shit I'd assume haha :DThe Colonists' may need an Aquarium to look at instead of the lifeless tundra they will look at everyday. lolVeggies and fruits how about lab grown meats? Protein will be needed  please no bugs eww.Will there be a fifth episode?cabbage and other low-nutrient-dense foods are not a good idea to produce on mars.  First and foremost you need energy dense foods: corn, rice, wheat or potatoes.  Potatoes, due to the simplified harvesting and preparation makes a good first choice followed by corn.  The second thing you want is high nutrient foods.  Maybe that's kale or spinichgday mate, hi from australiagreat video!
For some reasons i can't install RSS for ksp 1.2. Can you provide a link to download the last RSS release please?you have to make mars a planet before you go inter planetary otherwise lots of people are going to die before everybody else wakes up, if it ain`t got an atmosphere , near earth gravity and most importantly a strong magnetic field , also moving the planet closer through bombardment of asteroids and meteors will make power generation and photosynthesis much easier .We can do this now , all we need to do is science the fuck out of it (to quote a pun), then do it because the rate we are choking ourselves and the planet in our own refuse we have not got that much time left before we drown our planet and ourselves in our refuse.How ambiguous: in the video we abundantly hear how people should *work together*, while seeing US Air Force (on "Mars") and US flag (in Antarctica)... 
Is this what National Geographic has evolved into? If so - I'll check other videos - I'll unsubscribe from this channel.I hate the kind of species we are... absolutely zero respect for nature :/

We're very much on our way to mass extinction.I see that some of the comments below show distaste towards to the idea of settling on Mars. They imply that we should be focusing on more important things back home. It's not fair to say that those that dream of settling on Mars are all ignorant of these big issues here on Earth, both naturally or by chose. Yes, some couldn't give a rat's ass but not all of us share this same view. I for one would love to see things improve here on Earth. But this does not stop me from dreaming!I would hate to be friends with a person who worked in Antarctica because they would never let you forget it...
you could botch about the cold they would always reply " you think this is cold you should work in Antarctica" or start their sentence with "like that one time I worked in Antarctica "It was awsome! :-)It will look like slavery.Mars InitiativeMars mars mars mars and more mars... maybe you earthlings should try fixing your problems on earth instead of going on to ruining other planets... just a suggestion...Might ask dumb question to NASA scientist and top university scientists. 
Scientist likes dumb question. My question is what if astronaut suffer mars acute respiratory syndrome and no medicine available.  Do astronauts have to kill him/her to save the rest of crew?Moon first.More interested in Europa.So many people saying we shouldn't go to Mars, and instead should fix Earth. Do they not realize we can do both? Sure, fixing Earth should be a larger priority, but that doesn't mean we can't colonize mars as a small side project.There are big differences between Antarctica & Mars. I would argue it would be much harder to live and explore on Antarctica than Mars, apart from the initial investment to get the Mars colony advanced.  It is actually far, far colder in Antarctica due to the high heat dissipation of thick, cold windy air. And 6 months of darkness & lower solar insolation than on the regions of Mars we would inhabit. And Antarctica very difficult access to mineral resources and soil needed to sustain a civilization, Mars is easy to find resources, everything is out in the open. Loads of uranium exposed right on the Martian surface. And Mars surface area is equal to Earth land area and 10X larger than Antarctica almost completely buried land area. The real dumb thing on Antarctica is they still use oil for fuel when they should be using small modular nuclear reactors.We spoil what we have in our hands and we imagine for what we don't have. And in future if we have, we spoil that and look for again what we don't have. It's stupidWho else read colorizing?colonising is such a negative world  with a bad bad reputation in the past... yet we choose to use it for other prestine planet... theres no going back earth is on exploitation and they want to start it on mars... humans want to interfere and dominate evry process of nature  yet forgets hes part of it and theres no need to dominate...https://m.vk.com/ngm_comhuman interference with nature messes it up a big time. there was a time Antarctica was inhabitable but today Human stay there in the name of science. its not right. the are causing global warming. look at the icy continent shedding its icei wanna go marsit s like 2>1Ce jeu a l'air bien sympa, puis vu son petit prix je pense me laisser tenter, merci pour cette découverte !Hop acheté ^^Je fais 3 eps pour cette présentation, la suite : L'episode 2 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQ2Lhlkw4UUMerci Dan pour tes vidéos, tu fais du bon boulot. J'imagine le temps que cela doit te prendre...
Continu comme ça.Par rapport à Pkanetbase , lequel est le mieux ?Pour info, j'ai finalisé la traduction sur Steam. http://steamcommunity.com/workshop/browse/?appid=387370&requiredtags[]=LanguageSalut Dan Field,
Je me demande si je dois continuer à suivre ta chaîne... tu commences à me coûter chère :p
Après Big Pharma, Fate Tectonics et je ne parle même pas de ceux qui ont rejoint ma wishlist Steam, tu viens de me faire craquer pour Sol 0 !
Après y avoir joué quelques heures, je pense qu'une 2nd vidéo serait la bienvenue pour faire découvrir le suite du développement de la colonie et éventuellement les challenges.
En tt cas, merci beaucoup pour tes vidéos, j'ai eu bien du mal à visionner toutes tes anciennes mises en ligne tant il y en a mais c'était super :)Un let's play stpbonjour Mr.Dan Field j'ai découvert votre chaîne il y a peu...Je me suis abonné a votre chaine mais j'ai une question:
La map est la même ou c'est une "seed"?fait un let s playfait un lets play dessus stplet s playlp s' il vous plaît car c'est un jeu super et j'aimerais bien voir comment vous développez votre base merci d'avancesalut dan field tu pourrais faire un let s play sur ce jeuxsalut dan superbe video (comme d'hab) si tu as le temps pour un let's je le suivrai volontiersstp nouvelle série dantrop bien tu comte en faire un série ?tu zzzzzzzzzzzz ah ah ahun LP un LP je veux mon putain de LP je vous emmerde et je rentre à ma maison(voix de cartman)sinon bonne vidéo continueun lest play+1 sub for AUSSIE AUSSIE AUSSIE!!!10 crew? Out of that 100 planned? That's a lot of elbow room.2026 send CargoShip 1 
2028 send  SpaceShip 1 ,10(A team)Astronaut for exploration/air/water/ fuel/farm/power
2030 send  SpaceShip 2 , 20(B Team)Astronaut
2030 send HabitatShip 1 
2031 A Team and 15 B Team  return to Earth on SpaceShip 1
2032 send SpaceShip 3 , 45 (C Team) Astronaut for start Mars ColonizationAwesome!Hey, know when this will be updated for 1.2.2?I don't know why I get more satisfaction from watching youtubers from AustraliaI know how to grow plants, you think I'll qualify haha :D I think they will need 10-20 years to build a working station anyway, if they even manage. I guess the first ones will only be well trained astronauts who already had a couple of spacewalks and had special training to build the ground station. I don't think the problem will be to get to mars, but to build a working and sustainable station that doesn't get shit on by the temperature differences.I wonder if ITS booster (with a nose cone and landing legs of course) would be able to go to Mars with no in orbit refueling.
This would be useful if martians would want to manufacture and build their own space station.Imagine a ship orbiting Neptune or uranus with a big scoop collecting fuel.Is this in rssMarcus , what mods did you use ? I can see that you used RSS and Space X  Interplanetary System , but any other mods ?So I'm guessing your Australian?The "Chance of death is high". Is it really a chance rather than a risk? ;DYou guys always make such good vids and I wish you got more supportYou should do more rssYou should go too lol, just need 50 million views and you got the funds to go to Mars hehe!hey Marcus, do you have a complete list of mods? I love your skybox and how your planets look.mothsk's a deluded pusy. first of all this is not how you colonize mars. you need a moon base first. the concept he presented is never gona happen. i suggest establishing a thousand colonist on moon filled with technologist, geologist and rotating farm of livestock of cows and pigs. and send animal and human embryos only. the major producer of green house gas once the moon industry is self sufficient, meaning you can now manufacture solar electric vessels. then you can start colonize mars but it won't be terraformed. just a spinning city using maglev on the rim layer, plants on the middle layer some livestock. once you have a thousand people on mars you can just send human embryos. next step is smelter ship eating up the asteroid belt. that's what i expect living for a millennium and through bioforming.people have planed  going to mars , but how will they achieve this goal ?   they don't have a reliable   mean of transportation yet  .  rockets are too dangerous and likely to explodeyoutube's compression is going ham on those stars.After the Moon and (the) Mars, who (a world with a surface one can park its arse on) would be next? Callisto? Titan? Dione? Tethys? Titania? Triton? You get the idea.Dave, or anyone else, do you know the music used in the background of this video? I need it, thanks. Humans are the last thing Mars needs.I Volunteer!!!I know this isn't anywhere near as popular as your tech and SJ videos but this was very insightful. You don't beat about the bush in making your point, and arguing advantages and disadvtanges throughout. Although I would say we should sort out the Earth's problems first before we make any decisions to create life elsewhere in the universe. We have such a good planet here, yes with several threats, but nowhere near as many on mars unless we know what we're doing first. More space missions and experiments first, then to space!I'm thinking if the Tharsis volcanoes have lava tubes that go way down, maybe dropping some heavily radioactive isotopes down there might gradually heat it up again. Might need way more than we can realistically produce at the moment though. My thoughts are, if humans are ever going to mars they'll just have to accept the consequences. Radiation, increased cancer risk, loss of bone density, unlikely to ever return to Earth. There will be a cost, but in my opinion the benefits far outweigh them.In theory how many nukes would be needed to jump start the core? Would nukes even jump start the core?MMGAPlease bring more of it!!! love it!! thanks for sharingSorry, wrong on Venus!   Its actually our best option without undiscovered tech or trillion dollar budgets!  Here is a 2003 nasa paper on it,  https://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/20030022668.pdf

We don't need to terraform Venus, at 55KM above the planet, its quite comfortable and temperate.  You don't even need pressure suits, and has many times more solar power than Mars,  Enough for industry, vs Exotic tech we don't have yet for Mars.

It really depends on time horizon,  If we are talking 500 years, Might as well shoot for terraforming, or Interstellar travel.  If we assume things will go exactly how they have been, and we'd like to have a self-sufficient colony going inside of 50 years that has long-term viability its Venus, If we have 20 years, we gotta go for the Moon, but knowing the harsh existence and low gravity could doom us.    Venus posses non of these problems if you floating in a giant 1km wide green house, with Dirt under foot. 

I'd love your comments!Star Wars will be happening in no time!Throw a couple of nukes into the core. What could go wrong.Very cool.We're destroying this planet in many ways while dreaming of making a barren planet habitable again, it's sadly ironic, but at the same time would be an amazing breakthrough if we could find a way to do it someday.Why would you need to bring your own oxygen?  You would have no choice but to grow your own food (inside of course, due to the low atmospheric pressures).  You said that the atmosphere was CO2 and nitrogen. Well, that should be OK for plants as long as you pressurize the atmosphere.  Growing plants would release O2 as a byproduct of making food, so if you are not going to ship food you also don't need to ship O2.Won't the humans after thousands of years become a different species? In other words they will become Martions.before getting algae to grow on mars and to establish a base level of oxygen we can use cyano and other acrchaeo bacterias that metabolize sunlight and various minerals / chemical compounds and produce oxygen as waste product just like here on earth before life really kicked off and the great oxygen catastrophe whiped most of it out a few eons later .if it takes a century, why wait??more of these please.so step one:magnetize, then step two: teraphorm. no??Can't live on mars for too long or you can never come back, and we will never be a multiplanetary species because you certainly could never come back to earth if you were born on mars. The gravity there is weaker and every cell would be crushed by the gravity of earth if you "returned."Dumb and Dumber 
*Bloomberg edition pt 9001*Elon I'm ready to help you.Holy shit i hate this guy. He has no idea wtf he is talking about and should just shut tf fuc up and go home. This is why i hate american newsI Will be the first thereI listened to his speech. The salient point: "Public-private partnership." He wants your money so that he can "innovate" a healthy bottom line.Main stream ignorance!!Not realistic at all. Never going to happen. Especially not on a flying vibrator. Elon Musk the illuminati puppet is full of sh*t! Elon Musk and Company are just trying to keep this outer space NASA lie moving forward. One word: VERYRussia owns MarsThe only thing I'd worry about is mars and earth ending up in a political situation often used in anime.  One is used as a resource supply and manufacturing wasteland while the other oppresses the former financially and politically.This whole thing is amazing and incredibly exciting, but I think the most interesting thing of all is how it has polarized people and revealed who the bold optimists and frightened pessimists are more than anything I've ever seen before. Good job Elon and godspeed!ask china for help, u are already using russian engines. so why not?bloomberg only hires idiots.not realistic or possible at all, waste of energyscrew that guy elon is a bossthere is no "outer space" that's God's realm. wake the fuck up we never went to the moon!!!this fellows a wank - the space program for the private sector was delayed because the only foe in space to the USA was Russia, so in practice they held the high ground, and as good as NASA is, they have lost that drive they had in the 60's and become brucrateic, now that China etc are getting into the act the rules have been relaxed.
 
People like Musk will get there using NASA as a tech support, i also noticed that the wright brothers had no big funding!!!! and those in Eurpope (private) expanded the concept of flight, 
not untill WW1 did the Government input large sums.who the hell is this guy? thinks he knows better than musk lol. Some investment smuck betting on risk, bitch please!"And Tesla founder.." FOR CHRIST SAKE, HE IS'NT THE FOUNDER OF TESLA MOTORS!! Although he is the reason why it had a  budget.A journalist debates an engineer on an engineering question...A magazine editor lolCBS trying to bring Elon down with shart media interviews? Interesting.Elon Musk thinks fuels can be generated with solar panels on Mars, this is an epic failure of ignorance. Mars has giant dust storms and much less solar irradiance. Thorium reactors would do it!  #Thorium #LFTRElon will make it happenI disagree with this. We have evolved to live, reproduce, and survive in earths gravity. The gravity on Mars is 60% less than that of Earth. How can we reproduce and live there permanently?? A baby wouldn't develop or grow properly in such low gravity.... and what about the long term effects on every system of the human body?? The same goes for every living organism that lives on earth.People ever going to mars is such a joke to people today its not even funny. Why does he bring up the Saturn V!? thats 60s technology for christs sake, the world is very much different now! We have like 3D printing technology now and FEA, and cheaper ways to manufacture things. Its easy to tell when people don't understand Elon Musk's plans because they talk like they are an idiot. News is plastered with idiots, don't let them bother ya.So, these are my insights to her questions @ 3:31 . . .

Link is Solar System object list: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Solar_System_objects_by_size

I would direct your attention to the Gravity column. If the gravity isn't comparable [to Earth's] than anything more than a base wouldn't be advisable. You would want massive engineering works to simulate Earth's gravity with centrifugal force habitats. This is difficult and in my opinion would make these low gravity moons and planets undesirable. Even Mars, which is head and shoulders above all other prospects is still on the hairy edge of feasibility for sustainable surface colonies. Nothing more than a base should be built on the Moon in the near future but we could build a City on Mars.

That's a distinction I want to make. *Mars can support a colony and the Moon, only a base.*

Just for fun though, I'll list other objects in the solar system that show promise for some type of permanent human presence. Even if it's a robotic outpost or lightly populated base.

* *Venus's upper atmosphere*: It's 115 degrees and it rains sulfuric acid but it's gravity and atmospheric pressure would be familiar to us that high from the surface.

* *Callisto*: It's geologically stable and far enough out from Jupiter's deadly magnetic field. Surface gravity would be comparable to the Moon and a Callisto base would probably resemble a lunar base. Much of the tech developed for a Lunar base would be directly transferable.

* *Ganymede*: A planet in it's own right, it's larger than Mercury but not as massive. There is thought to be a partial magnetic field near the equator, which may be useful. Callisto is still probably our best bet for a base to exploit Jupiter's system of Moons. Europa's oceans are more than that of Earths… that is useful stuff.

* *Europa*: Maybe not the best place for a base due to being an ice-frosted water ball with no real solid land. The surface moves and cracks. If you lived here, you'd want to live in a submerged vessel in a pocket of water to shield yourself from radiation. It'd be awkward and cramped…

* *Titan*: It's an amazing Moon. It has a stony surface, an atmosphere and lakes of liquid methane. Atmosphere could be useful but sadly, a super low gravity place. How low is the gravity? Well, if you had a set of cardboard wings you could probably take flight.

* *Iapetus*: Farther out than Titan and escaping Titan's atmosphere could be more trouble than it's worth. Like Callisto Iapetus is far enough from it's parent body that it isn't bathed in a magnetic field. A base here could be useful to exploit the Moon's of Saturn. Leeching Enceladus of water before retreating or heading farther out into the solar system and beyond.The realist in me says we're about to hit the greater depression, the idealist says heck yes we have to do this for humanity.The reality is is that basically all the people in the comments section are not Astronomers or Rocket scientists and so their opinion will always be less educated. 

Many questions in the comments are answered or at least discussed in numerous talks on the matter by scientists of said or similar fields. Sometimes people are empowered in telling people they're wrong and that is what you'll find much of in the comments section.This video was a total waste of time.You know whats funny?  "Is that really possible" is THE SAME EXACT LINE used time and time again.  Humans want to go faster faster then horses (train) "Is that really possible", humans want to fly "Is that really possible" , humans want to go to space "Is that really possible" , humans want to walk on the moon, "Is that really possible".  ENOUGH!!  Yes its possible, and yes we probably could do it in the next 10 years, it all depends on our commitment and effort.  Large numbers of vital inventions have been created in a time of need or by accident that completely change the timeline for human development.  So, the question ISN'T "Is it really possible to colonize Mars", IT IS "How badly do we want to colonize Mars"You think you're gonna' escape from Us, you little bastard? Think AGAIN!funny how this "magazine editor" was called in to tell the "realities " of the plan set up by the planets most advanced space ship company. they have no idea how powerful and advanced Musk's Raptor engines are, and how many companies are years away from starting space mining.it's like human nature for there to be naysayersspacex plan to go on mars in 2025 :
1- Learn to refuel the rocket without explosion (2019)
2- learn how to land safely  on mars (2024)...the realities of roderick lee's plans to colonize mars and beyond-let's talk about it because i am a big selfish egotistical entrepreneur and i pay people to leave good comments in the comments section. Go To Hell mr. `musk'this guys is just an editor and hes talking like hes a space industry veteran, sit down.why does Musk want to send a hundred people? Because 100 have more chance to find solutions and work for the simple goal of survival, then go from there.3 tons of equipment?? Humm these jokers are talking CRAP!! How about the water and oxygen weight needed for the 10 yr mission?? 4 LT OF WATER + 550 lt of oxygen per astronaut for 10 yrs ?? Do the maths !! It is impossible for a 1 way mission also they cannot supply the ISS with this payload!! NASA is full of BULL SHIT and  I don't need a rocket science to work that scam out!!I just find it curious how most people who criticize and shine doubt on potential opportunities don't take the time to fully do their research before they say something.  If you're going to comment on something, at least say something constructive or informing or ask a question. Especially on a page such as NatGeoI must have a Mars globe.  That thing is sweet!I personally think Mars would be a lost cause if we can't figure out how to make its core geologically active. People are always talking about terra-forming Mars without realizing it can't be done without a magnetic field to protect its atmosphere from solar and cosmic radiation. I think we should be putting more research into how to create a magnetic-sphere around the Martian world for long term mass colonization. I don't know about you but I wouldn't want to live my entire life under a fragile dome.I saw the whole show and everyone except Neil is a fucking pussy! I want to stay on earth where it's safe and cozy. Not taking risks is what americans do nowadays. I didn't use to be that way.It's good to see the effort, even if I lack confidence on his endeavor. SpaceX though, it's in a league of its own.Meanwhile NASA says WHEN they can get man through the (theoretical) van Allan belts THEN they can go to the moon Mars and beyond...

There not quite ready to give up their authority and let u know we're shut in and can't go anywhere to prove anything hence the lack of a single proof we've even been in orbit! There is no proof of anything only hearsay and to say anything else unsubstantiated is no better than a fairy tale. 

I believe we may even be sacrificing our own innate inherent knowledge or universal consciousness by giving any power to these man concocted illusions. 

Talk about blindly worshipping false prophets we the people who swallow rote regurgitate dogma whilst crapping all over common sense and any doubters. 

Can u here me major Tom floating in ur tin can?Neil's such a dumbassNeil's tie blends in to the startalk bannerSure, they have a long way to go, but even it it doesn't work in the end: Worst case scenario is, that we end up with a nicely detailed plan for future missions! This has value in itself.Too bad Mars one is a complete scamWhy not set up a living station on the moon first and see how that goes???? On Mars , a self contained living structure has to be created anyway.  Do it on the moon first please.Why not use Falcon 9 rocket to land on Mars?Why so many stupid people here in the comments section?You fucking idiots and your adult fairytales. No such thing as space travel. Keep living your fucking fantasy.i dont understand...Why are people talking about living on mars. like, we would need a whole lot more than just potentially water being there to live on Mars permanently. honestly really silly idea imo.is it wrong that as soon as I hear an accent like that and see eyes bugging out like that I immediately think "delusional" ?mars is as realistically relevant as zombies. lets go jump another stupid bandwagonno it is 200sq metertoo bad we can't colonies any planets or even go to real space*Hello random person scrolling through the comments* ✋16:03 acctualy people are not going to be the first lifeform on mars because rovers have germs and things o  them which can survive on mars!Anyone know if there is a craft file available for this?G'Day mate!Good job an amazing research, your video gives almost more details in a  good way than the actual space x video xDHmm, so it can carry 10 people, 5 years of food/water, and 400 tons of cargo.
Or it can carry those same *10 people, and 70 years of food/water*.  

...makes you think.I love how you say "spysex"Incredible video! That was a lot of work, I can tell. I want to add - they will prolly send tanker ships first and park them into orbit, and then spaceship will get fuel as soon as possible and then depart for Mars. Also, Elon said that they plan to make many ships, so they will prolly be capable of sending needed number of tankers into orbit 3-5 before spaceship, to speedup the process.L’INCROYABLE DEFI DE SPACE X
Le milliardaire Américain Elon Musk, PDG & Fondateur de la Société SpaceX, a présenté son projet de colonisation de la planète rouge, à l’occasion du 67e Congrès international de l’astronautique au Mexique. Un plan ambitieux pour établir une ville sur Mars, en envoyant des humains à bord de grands vaisseaux spatiaux, pour un billet à 100.000 dollars seulement par personne. Comment ? En utilisant des fusées réutilisables ou encore en installant sur Mars une usine pour fabriquer du carburant, et assurer ainsi son billet retour. Déterminé, Elon Musk souhaite lancer une première mission habitée dès 2024. Mais dans le détail, ce projet pharaonique de coloniser la planète Mars est-il réalisable ou relève-t-il de la science-fiction ? 
Assurer le transport interplanétaire via des fusées réutilisables. Première étape du voyage : assurer le transport interplanétaire au moyen de fusées réutilisables, afin notamment de réduire les coûts de cette odyssée de l’espace. En pratique, c’est le point du projet le moins demandeur en développement technologique : Elon Musk en a démontré le principe, la réutilisabilité des lanceurs est d’ailleurs l’axe central de son entreprise, Disposer de réservoirs de carburant en orbite. Pour parcourir les 225 millions de kilomètres qui séparent la Terre de la Planète Rouge, il faudra au vaisseau une grande quantité de carburant Cela représentera 90 à 95 % de la masse totale d’une fusée multipliée par un facteur 10. Selon les détails dévoilés par Elon Musk, le vaisseau spatial sera mis en orbite par une fusée, qui retournera sur Terre pour chercher un réservoir de carburant et permettra ainsi au vaisseau de rejoindre la planète Mars. Suite dans une prochaine Rubrique L’INCROYABLE DEFI DE SPACE X. Le Projet de Elon Musk est à prendre très au sérieux, car scientifiquement et techniquement c’est possible Tout comme le Projet ICARE, ce sont les gros porte-monnaies qui vont contribuer à la Faisabilité du Projet et à la Construction des Vaisseaux Spatiaux qui deviendront à la longue de véritables Vaisseaux de Croisière. Lors de chacun des voyages interplanétaires, les Vaisseaux emmèneront en dehors du personnel pour piloter et pour guider les Voyageurs 100 voyageurs, ce qui génèrera un chiffre d’affaire de 10 000 000 euros.
Soit D la distance à parcourir pour relier la Terre à la Planète Mars = 225 000 000 km. La Vitesse initiale sera de 30 000 km/h, la vitesse de croisière sera du même ordre, soit une croisière d’une durée de 312 jours. Cette durée peut être écourtée en accélérant puis en décélérant le Vaisseau  Spatial, accélération et décélération qui sont synonymes de consommation importante de carburant.

Alain Mocchetti
Ingénieur en Construction Mécanique & en Automatismes
Diplômé Bac + 5 Universitaire (1985)
UFR Sciences de Metz
alainmocchetti@sfr.fr
alainmocchetti@gmail.com
@AlainMocchettiOne issue: there will be three to five refuelling tanker trips, not just one
Also, you didn't mention cargo only ITS shipsOne thing, wouldn't they send the fuel up first and have the manned ship meet them in space? Reduce the time in space even if it is by a few hours... also reduce risk of the fuel pod having a catastrophic failure meaning they'd have to send another fuel pod up while people are in space waiting, logistically speaking it makes more sense to have the crew come up last and dock with the fuel podOne very important thing that I don't understand is how the people and cargo will descend from the space ship. Am I being stupid? If i'm not could some clever soul tell me how?PROJET SPACE X – CALCUL DE L’ACCELERATION DU VAISSEAU SPATIAL
Considérons que le trajet supposé rectiligne entre la Terre et Mars se décompose en 2 demi trajets de 112.500.000 km. Durant le premier le Vaisseau Spatial sera en Accélération Constante et durant le second en Décélération Constante.
GAMMA(A) est l’Accélération du Vaisseau Spatial
GAMMA(D) est la Décélération du Vaisseau Spatial
D = 112.500.000.000 m
Calcul de l’Accélération GAMMA(A) :
GAMMA(A) = (Delta V)/(Delta T) c’est l’Accélération du Vaisseau Spatial
Delta V = V(1) – V(0) avec V(0) = 30 000 km/h la vitesse initiale et V(1) = 300 000 km/h soit 10 fois la Vitesse Initiale V(0).
V(1) – V(0) = (300.000.000 – 30.000.000)/3600 m/s soit 75.000 m/s
Delta T = T(1) – T(0) avec T(0) = 0 donc T(1) = 3 X 31 X 24 X 3600 secondes, on prend comme hypothèse que les 225.000.000 km sont parcourus en 6 mois.
GAMMA(A) = 75000/(3 X 31 X 24 X 3600) = 0,01 m/s² ce qui est trop faible, remplaçons les 3 mois par 1 mois et on obtient :
GAMMA(A) = 75000/(1 X 31 X 24 X 3600) = 0,03 m/s² pour rappel G l’accélération de la pesanteur terrestre = 9,81 m/s²
Si on remplace les 1 mois par 15 jours alors GAMMA(A) = 0.06m/s², soit 1/163ème de l’Accélération de la Pesanteur Terrestre..
En phase Décélération GAMMA(D) = - GAMMA(A)
Calcul du trajet le plus économique du point de vue du carburant, ça sera indéniablement le plus long du point de vue du temps (T) : Si V(1) = V(0) = 30000 km/h = Constante tout le long du trajet, dans ce cas précis le consommation du carburant sera nulle en dehors du carburant nécessaire pour assurer  la poussée des réacteurs pour échapper à l’Attraction Terrestre et pour assurer la poussée des rétrofusées pour décélérer le Vaisseau Spatial pour qu’il soit en orbite géostationnaire autour de Mars à une distance à calculer par les Scientifiques et les Ingénieurs responsables du Projet.
Pourquoi la Vitesse Initiale V(0) est égale à  30.000 km/h ?
V(0) est engendrée par la rotation de la Terre autour du Soleil, cad V(0) est la Vitesse Tangentielle du Centre de Gravité de la Terre par rapport au Centre d’Inertie du Soleil. Pour effectuer les calculs avec un maximum de précision, ceux-ci seront fait dans un REPERE HELIOCENTRIQUE ayant pour point d’origine le Centre d’Inertie ou de Gravité du Soleil et ses 3 axes orthogonaux dirigés vers 3 étoiles fixes de l’Univers (étoiles situées dans des galaxies très éloignées de la VOIE LACTEE).
.


Alaiin Mocchetti
Ingénieur en Construction Mécanique & en Automatismes
Diplômé Bac 5 Universitaire (1985)
UFR Sciences de Metz
alainmocchetti@sfr.fr
alainmocchetti@gmail.com
@AlainMocchettiThat would be a terrible waste, to leave 1st ship as a landmark. Deconstruct that shit and use it to make the 1st settlement, or bring it back to figure out the bugs and flaws in the design.The Mars Colonization With Interplanetary transport system?This has made me want to reinstall KSP and do a Space X career. Very good work!!This is a fantastic videogreat stuff!! good work!if its so damn dangerous to refuel the rocket, why not send a bunch of fucking Mexicans to do it?   We always keep a few of them around at work for haz-mat handling and asbestoses removal, its also nice to have a few people around that don't know what international symbols for radioactive material and biohazards mean, when they get sick or hurt or killed, its easy to get more and that way the expensive American union workers don't have to take unnecessary risks. So it makes sense to send a load of fucking Mexicans  first.Despite Antarctica being way more hospitable than Mars, no permanent settlers ever established there. Hot deserts are way more hospitable than Antarctica but very few people settled there permanently. 

Mars is a radioactive airless desert  far far far away from civilisation. 

It is a common wealth of the humanity in the same way Antarctica is. Doing science is one thing, sending settlers is another. It raises some legal issues. 

The fools who go so far to live on a radioactive desert where they walk around in pressure suites all the time because there is no air they can breath... will soon ask to  be returned back to earth.

All astronauts who were to orbit or the moon said they discovered how valuable the earth was and how desolate and empty space was.I see a couple empty bottles of whisky in back of Zubrin. That explains a lot. I guess it would be fun to go there, and a source of pride for human beings, but as far as settlements, it is insane. We probably won't out live the planet, so the resource things is not an issue. As for human beings being so wonderful to have to propagate throughout the universe, looking at the great job we've done on earth, living with other species, destroying their habitat, and how well we all get along with each other, it makes no sense. The other animals are probably wishing they could pay for the trip and pack up the entire human race on the first ship out. How depressing would it be to live on a planet where you had to live in a bubble? Very little color. Will never again walk out into the sunshine, listen to birds chirping while taking a deep breath on a beautiful spring morning. I believe 90% of the population would prefer death to living on mars, and the other 10% will change their minds after a couple years when they start going insane. My opinion of course.I was always wondering what Zubrin would think of Elon's planed mars colonial transport plan.  this is exactly what i was looking for !InterestingIt's pretty nuts to try to colonize Mars now or in the near future. Maybe 200 yrs from now. There are so many better things to do in space and astronomy, this would be just a waste of money and people will get killed too.MAGIC AND POWERFUL. WILL GET THERE SOON!!!PHWAHAHAHAAAA, like this ranting FOOL, anyone involved in this should, if true unto themselves, would apologise for the pathetic assumptions being launched out of their lying Faces.
Pure Fantasy Kids, believe you can fly?Put a Zubrin nuclear salt water rocket on ITS and Dr. Zubrin will be happy :PThat comment at 18:36 that if Hillary Clinton decides to launch a mars program... seems pretty out of date now.  Just goes to show how many people thought a Clinton victory/Trump defeat was inevitable.The power that cat possesses is awesome!     Zubrin = The Cat from Outer SpaceThis is the difference between a scientist and an engineer. The Scientist just wants one specific job done but the engineer makes it so it has multiple uses and over-dimensioned for the job. People forget that even though Elon is building a rocket that CAN go to Mars, he is building a transport system that can go and do so much more. If you are going to do it - do it right the first time.Well, I don't think Elon plan will work.  Too many things can go wrong.  I think Dr Zubrin plan is alittle more solid.  However, I wouldn't be planning for a return.  It's best to go and plan to stay.  But I would have a craft for unplanned emergency departure.  Have to plan for that possibility.What about home heating fuel? Electrical heating elements will not last forever. If this foresight isn't addressed before it becomes an issue, the colonist will be forced "ab inconvenienti" to build home heat exchanges that use the CH4 and O2 manufactured in situ for the ERV. The Mars Colonists will live "arte et labore" only until they are told they can't have enough air or heat.While i like Zubrin, I wonder why he has to criticize  Musk, rather than joining him to bring his (still theoretical) expertise to the project. While Musk has done a number of firsts in rocket technology, Zubrin has yet to prove his ideas. I have problems understanding people like him who almost all have failed to inspire us (and investors;-)) to boldly go ahead. Musk has done it! There is no success without risk of failure... in a practical sense.ZUBRIN SAYS COULD COULD COULD - ELON JUST DOES DOES DOES - END OF DISCUSSION.Zubrin's approach is right. When Werner Von Braun first planned the moon landing he envisioned either two Saturn V launches with assembly of the lunar lander in low earth orbit or a Saturn 8 development to lift it in one launch. John Houbolt's championing of the idea of lunar orbit rendezvous meant that the whole landing mission could be done with just one Saturn V, thus saving precious time and money. I am big fan of Elon but his Interplanetary explorer and massive booster are a rerun of Von Braun's broad brush thinking. Zubrin is merely following in the footsteps of Houbolt pointing out that an alternative mission architecture using just the Falcon 9 heavy booster much of the early ground breaking and foundation building activities needed to set up a Mars colony can be done comparatively cheaply and quickly.i dont understand this. i wouldnt put a huge life support system on the ship. the best way would be to put the astronauts in a koma state and awake them when arriving in mars. that would save huge amounts of weight. you wouldnt need much food or water on  the ship. the oxygen intake would be minimal. and putting people to sleep in an artificial koma is beeing done on earth for decades and is safe. its obvious to do it that way. it would solve the radiation problem too, because you could insulate the sleeping chambers against radiation easyly. you could use the fluids the astronauts need sourounding the astronauts in the sleeping chamber. so there wouldnt be extra weight. what do you think of this idear? plz write comments...lolololololol TRUMP WON!  EAT IT!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  Lets go to Mars, make America great again!!!!  Get on board, guys, sheeeeeeesh!!!!so have a cramped return habitat ....for 6 MONTHS???300 years.  Not 30.  It will be 300 years before Mars has a self sustained colony.  Not because of will power, money power or lack of those there-of. Because it is a 5 year turn around trip and because science is not the magic of religion there are no wands to wave or prayers to make research happen in the blink of an eye.  If you are going to live there, you are going to have to make power in a manner that does not use goods from Earth and does not use O2 and does not use sunlight. If you are going to live there you are not going to magic meat from a Petri dish you are going to bring along a goat and a chicken.  If you are going to go there you will want a planted garden and you will want bumble bees or similar then to pollinate.  NASA spent 50 years dithering around wondering if LETTUCE was safe to eat following the GMO inducing cosmic radiation exposures it had in space and that's only first generation lettuce grown from Earth seed, not lettuce grown from second or third generation exposed plant seeds.  5 years turn around, get it in your heads every aspect will be tested a minimum of three times if not more at 5 years per tested event, and the items that support humans are not in the dozens but in the hundreds.  When we do colonize Mars, there will be no Earth life support ships arriving after that point.  300 years, and that is if we start now with monthly missions out and do the science.Annnnddd what if the return vehicles don't work?  They're fraked.At the emergency stituations astronots will need energy so they  have to be ABLE TO transport energy module to near broken device.I attended a lecture of this man years ago. It was very convincing. It was about multi-part Mars missions and not just separated single stage missions like we have today. What I liked about his idea was sending non-human missions to Mars leaving behind some fuel on the planet each time. After a few missions, you'd have enough fuel for  a return trip, then you send humans. 
It seems here this is an updated proposal. I like the idea of multi-level missions because if one mission fails, not all is for naught.I feel like this guy could convince me anything is possible....turn a rock into water? We can do datI'm not interested in going BUT I like how he has refined the concept into practical application.It takes shit ton of money which is problem :(It's almost too simple. :)Meanwhile...back on planet Earth...human civilization is poisoning the environment and creating serious enough problem that we must now look for a new planet to inhabit....SAD!!!!More CGI....!!!
I'm wondering who took those pictures.????No one will go to mars until NASA has done a post-mortem on all the moon astronauts. Better safe than sorry.Nuclear is more fun though. This guy did conceptualize a Chernobyl rocket motor (NSWR) :PSorry Colonizing Mars isn't going to happen without induce microbe terraforming on global scale. I mean  by releasing all known bacteria known to earth and bring it to Mars. it speed up the consumption of minerals from soil to release the gas. Its all ready choke of CO2, its has to be converted biologically.

Gravity is so weak and almost nonexistence magnetosphere, there are way to hold or prevent atmospheric bleeding . There are no known massive dipolar Electromagnetic field created.There are more reasons not to spend the money to go to Mars. I feel Zubrin's life long dream is to go to Mars, which is great but seems to not really care of other concerns that plague society.Ye, how about we fix overpopulation on planet earth first. Before we escalate into endless wars and natural disasters.Yeah, take the money for something that we don't know anything about nor see.an amazing endeavor! I hope I am still alive to see the colonization of Mars ~ by the way the thumbnail looks like a dead manfrom where i can download the episodes ?sup. I think we need to work on cheapening the cost of placing something in low orbit. u can do this by combining skylon and thothx elevator platform or assisted helium balloon launch like nasa test on flying saucer. when we can do that, it is easy to  do all these simultaneously. space habitats, moon base, mars colony etcwhat ever happened to the space elevator. but what about a vertical rail going maybe a quarter of the way out of the atmosphere that gives the shuttle a boost catapulting it into space. kinda like what they have on aircraft carriers.Check my channelIs a manned mission to Mars really worth all of the money it will cost?  Sure there are plenty of volunteers, but the cost is going to be exorbitant.  Plenty of people will be complaining that the money should be used on more immediate issues right here on Earth.Nice video but poorly titled.  This is not about colonization of Mars.What does Zero G have to do with interplanetary space flight? What dingus mission wouldn't utilize one of the numerous artificial gravity designs? It's basic physics. Inertia. Spin. Gravity. Derp.Why the heck is the moon not completely converted into a space station yet?2nd comment!!!Humans could use some evolving they be maken far too many mistakes especially here in the U.S.If we could one day colonize planets, we would first ensure there will be frequent trips between Earth. Just like how we first land on new continents hundreds of years ago. We don't send 1 ship and leave them there, either to die or to live. 

So the colony will remain protected and run by newly assigned people and the previous ones can come back, take a break, meet their families. 
As far as I can tell, Americans, Australians, and even the indigenous people in some cases, being isolated with other race for thousands of years, can still mate with any human after forming colonies and having their own evolution.

DNA scientists has always said that a large part of the human genome is particularly interesting as it seems to serve no function, rather than to secure the human genome to not mutate or evolve too much, like not growing gills or 6 fingers. Thus the human genome would most likely be secure even after generations of living abroad.Its actually pretty smart to still meet at space stations after months of quarantine in a specialist large facility.
But it would become dumb not to introduce them to microbial life every year since they would be the most vulnerable species in the whole universe, one that isn't immune to anything.Its probably worth not to infect Mars with diseases until we know for sure that their is no form life, once thats concluded its probably not worth keeping containment off the planet.Real life Martians coming soon!So long as we don't take religion, we will be fine.Stimulate martians immune system with vaccines from earth diseases...The Expanse anyone?humans will bio engineer mars quicker than evolution.let's go back to the Moonto separate entire species from one another over fear of an epidemic is a very paranoid action. I say, keep the people with their diseases, and have them communicate with one another back on Earth, because, even if we manage to disinfect all Martians of all diseases, there is a chance that one of the microbes human have in them turns into a virus and, because of the Martians' weakened immune system, kills most if not all Martians on the colony.12:34 O: Destiny O: (the Destiny video game art) O: O: O:8:49  Good pointBest channel ever! Every time I tune in, I feel like I'm fly into the future throughout outer space.I dearly wish Carl was still alive to watch all this happen.So are we supposed to think those images prove that there are animals and human activity there? 
It's called pareidolia.So imagine there was a very small, intelligent race on mars. Small enough that we cannot see them. Maybe an inch tall tops. We'd see them in person, but we cannot with our rovers as they're smart enough to avoid them. Let's also assume they've existed for billions of years, untouched and undisturbed. Out of nowhere, this metal, wheeled beast landed and started rolling around on their world. 

Not long after that, the aliens that sent the beast sent a second, and a third. A few just smashed into the surface. Then, they started dropping entire cities onto their world. These cites to them, are so massive they simply cannot conceive their existence. We become gods.

Granted this is totally fiction, but it's interesting to think about. How would we treat them? Would we respect them and leave them be? Or would we wipe them out without a second thought? What if one day this happens? Unlike all the SciFi movies where Earth is invaded. What if we're the invaders?This is awesome!!! :)by 2024 tesla will be as big or bigger than apple so he will have no problem with funding the missions.dark matter is life. Life in its pure form with no body attached. You're welcome.i hate this commercial breaks:(you sound like a cuckoo, we can't get thru the Van Allen belts so please cut out the click bait, karma does returnBrad make a series :)Cool vid.Fun fact, Sol means sun in swedish :)Great videoHey Brad I found a cool game call Fear Equation you should check it out.Hi Brad This game was harder than it looks when you play it. Great vid and great review.
Cheers from SwedenI LOVE this game!!!!!!!
Brad PLEASE make a  series!!!!!!I liked this one......I think this is fantastic I really can't wait for the next episode  keep up the good work I love all your series that you make it got to admit tho construction sim is getting a bit monotonous thoMake a seris pleasssssssMorePlzThere is a map for the moon and for one of the moons of Jupiter, Europa. Whoo Hoo!awesome Brad!cool please keep making more of this seriesdo more videos of this gamenice vid and this reminds me of SimCity but this one is on marsnow This one looks interesting, I like it . Gr8 stuffs Brad.   This one is as bout as good as the Falcon build.this looks like fun brad thanks for the video!you should do more3rd to see thisAs an 15 years old highschool teen that is curently studying programming, im so pumped to believe that i may contribute to the colonizing of Mars. What a great time to be alive!Colonizing Mars begins before kindergarten. Pay attention to your kids' education.Damn your channel is awesome :)Extinction is not a logical motivator to colonize Mars, It's just a bonus perk of colonizing Mars.Fist send 10 landing and take-off craft the slow way to use 5-8 to learn to land safely and  send some spare fuel as well. Then you send the people on an orbit to orbit vehicle that where built in space.I think Elon Musk is trying to do with Space X, much the same thing as he's done with Tesla motors.  Slowly invest in improving the technology and costs, until they can use those investment funds on actual infrastructure to make the ITS (Interplanetary Transport System) a reality.  First they have to prove that the basic technology base is viable, then they can invest in infrastructure.  Similar to how Tesla can now invest in recharging stations for their cars, rather than just the basics of the underlying technology.  It seems a smart move to me.  The 'little' missions now will pay for the big missions later.If we are able to go help mine some metal to build a spaceship to go to mars I would do it XDIn my best Dave Chapelle as Rick James voice;  "Code Bloodeeeeed! Codecaine is one hell of a drug!"Subscribed 1 week ago. Probably the best decision I've maid. Thank you BenTexaco have already built petrol stations in space. They're advertising jobs for pump attendants (minimum wage). Starbucks have the coffee franchise. They haven't yet given the contract for snacks, but I hope Cornish pasties are available. Obviously, Pringles will be. That's a prerequisite for snack shops. I can't wait to go.Thank you to Elon and all Space X engineers!There is no point making the trip time shorter. You lose the safer free-return trajectory that comes with a 6-month transfer (go much faster and you'll be on an escape trajectory from the solar system.) The thrust/efficiency that would allow a shorter trip time should be spent in increasing mission payload. If you want to make Mars travel cheap, max payload for minimum effort is the best way to do it.They seem like the only group with the drive to go do it and have the recourses. Elon and SpaceX is banking on a satellite internet technology to pay for the missionU lier! 
Mars has no magnetic field! u will die from the radiation. 
Venus is our best option - High altitude floating cities. we get normal earth like atmospheric pressure, a magnetic field and a lot of resources on the ground, that in time, we will learn how to harvest(build robots that can withstand the enormous pressure on the surface). 
Dedicating thought power and other resources to Mars is a diversion.
PeaceWright brothers.Yes. Yes, they will colonise Mars first. There's drive, there's passion and there's resources that will make it all happen.the write brothers where the first to repeatedly fly and they simultaneously created reusable airplanes a hundred+ years ago rocket science  is demonstadly more complex than pedestrian aeronautics.u mean the first bus to Marsall questions regarding magnetic spheres, radiation debunked by the start of 4:39 jaja.no what you see is what is not what is shown to you. not an stream of 1010 cgi that's not science. y can't it be flat y can the heavens have luminous celestial body's. so space is not the domain of the rich or military it the domain for us all period. you hairless primates talking intelligence irony*Bird flies by in reverse*Awesome! When can we expect recovery of second stages to be tried? Thanks.EARTH IS FLAT.
BYE BYEElon Musk is the forefront of our generationGreat, now land it through a fidget spinner and get a bullseye at the launchpad :DHaha SpaceX is so confident now that they land right near their facility and people's homes. Bravo.Haha, looks like something straight out of a scifi movie.Hell yeah! I didn't see when this was uploaded but amazing job! One step closer to marsI wonder why you guy's don't manipulate the magnetic fields round earth (plus free energy and non pollutant) and use that as a propulsion system. Basically earth is a magnet, the atmosphere a neutral and the rocket a magnet that you can control and reverse polarity on the body of the rocket  witch will cause lift the more power put that you feed to the magnetic body of the rocket will cause the detraction of the magnets to grow faster and boom 10-20 sec's in orbit lol. I Do not know what the hell I'm talking about but described as I seen it in a dream lol.OMG that is totally unbelievable, oh wait a minute its not real. They have just gotten really stupid now this is so bad.The engineering and guidance capabilities needed for this are insane, they make it look easy.Theory: Elon isn't actually human; he's a far advanced alien trying to get home using our shitty technologyWhy do we have the internet if there is no way to communicate. I have no way to reach out to people that would love to have me. I am sure if the right people reach out to me they would love to have meWow just wow sirY yo me emociono cuando aterrizo mi drone en modo manual.don't you love how the comments are always selected to be at the top of the comment section oh I love that stuff yeah this never happened how many camera angles do you have of this event seriously no I'm going out on a limb here I no nothing about this yet and I have money that says it never happened just for the hell of it and yes I'm very serious oh I'm sorry if anyone's new let's just put it like this not one of these rocket have ever been to space including the ones that you see on TV going to space not one of them and yes easily proven easily proven with basic video analysismind blown.... all the way to mars!the future....well that was easy... incredible/amazing work everyone...!....Fake.Absolutely unbelievable!And this very same rocket just landed again yesterday.Hmmm? considering the laws of gravity! should there be jet propulsion at the top of the rocket to nudge it upright for landing? sorry but this looks seriously suspicious and definitely questionable. CGI comes to mind. Add some cheering sounds and there you go! you are a next NASA! Comes on guys get real. If you are trying to convince people this is real, then please don't under estimate every ones  intelligence. i'm embarrassed to watch this. Elon Musk is a new brand of NASA and is marketed at the younger generation. you'll understand this one day. patience.Holy fucking science and shitIm sorry in not that educated in this field but what does this mean for rockets?It's reversed! :DMOM GET THE CAMERAOn the water! How is it not tipping over on waves? Amazing stuff!Only rocket "landing" or crashing with NO horizon!Thanks to Elon Musk and his company of brilliant scientists and engineers, we can go to Mars soon. I'm expecting to see this on TV when they do. I know they can. Keep going and great job guys!That's very impressive. 

_Here's what we can do to change the world, right now, to a better ride. Take all that money we spend on weapons and defense each year and instead spend it feeding and clothing and educating the poor of the world, which it would pay for many times over, not one human being excluded, and we could explore space, together, both inner and outer, forever, in peace.”_ 
― Bill Hicks

I want that to happen.This is absolutely amazing.You utter Morons...for thinking this is real. For fuck sake !elon pops 8 xans a daylooks like its playing backward.....mit 20.000 kmh kann man nicht landen, göppelsthat thing didn't just kinda come in. That fucker droppedwhat that happend in realyity?!??!!whole lotta gang shit216 people were booster 1AAAWWWWWWSSOOOMMMMMEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Anyone else get a random notification for this video?Elon, I think you should send up a Raptor engine for vacuum testing as the payload for the first Falcon Heavy launch.Falcon T H I C C Great jobI tested 12 coke cans. A screwdriver at the bottom. Press the bottom up. The side collapses. It might need a wide hoop inside. It might need diagonal braces. []_    _[]Pretty damn neatThat's the dream, babyThe first time I saw this, they were still testing Grasshopper.  The thought of landing the boosters blew my mind then.  Now we've seen them land for real.This is just the best company everWow~ So Great~!beauty in motion, proud of you ladies and gentlemenfalcon heavy may go to marsi am from SOUTH KOREA i want buy the SpaceX rocket and go to the mars. so help metorsional vibration -- 1per second.tutorial how to make falcon heavy:
get falcon 9
attach boosters
???
PROFITveryniceЖдемс, ждемс с нетерпением реального пуска)*Capitalism has landed successfully*Always makes me cry and exited!Best porn everCame back to see this video. Still gives me goosebumps. Awesome choice of music as well. Energises me to pursue my dreams.Can anybody say what the abort procedures are in the event the landing goes awry?  If the 1st stage went off course and was headed for a populated area.   Does it have onboard destruct or would MC shut off the engine or ?I have watched this too many times ;oNext time I teach science, I will begin each class with this clip on the projector.THAT IS SO BADASSThe Future of Space Travel!This is what you call "Rocket Science". It's a big deal I tell you !This will go down in history as the moment that defines humanity as a space-faring species, more so than the moon landing. I do not understand why not more people see the significance of this moment. Must have watched it more than a hundred times and my eyes still wet :-)WHAT A PHONY CROCK OF SH*T!  GET THE SHEEPLE TO BELIEVE YOU LANDED A ROCKET ON A SHIP… YOU ARE AS PHONY AS A 3 DOLLAR BILL…  DOESN'T TAKE TOO MANY FAKE NASA VIDEOS TO DEBUNK YOUR CRAP YOU LOAD ON THE POPULATIONS… LIAR AND BASTARD…Was this the falcon 9 v1.1 or v1.2 (Full Thrust)?Well Done Elon Musk!!What's the name of the song?guy at 2:24 is shouting "buy, buy, buy!"i felt awkward orgasm after watching thismission completedone of the biggest events in our lifetime! i wonder why the landing wasn't filmed by live news drones from cnn or nbc, or broadcast live around the world or on youtube or even recorded by a few GoPros. this could have even been filmed by scientist watching in a boat from afar. when spacex landed on land it was said that hundreds viewed it. so sad that with all these amazing landing feats not one single cell phone video or picture exist or video from helicopters, airplane or fishermen. wow. so sad. something this big, you'd think they'd want to prove it beyond a shadow of doubt. 

mr. musk, may i make a suggestion? you should change out the camera on the dock with the one attached to the side of the capsule. because the camera flying through the air, fighting wind and heat somehow never cuts out - not once. but the crappy one on the dock blacks out and pixelates if someone sneezes too hard. \

fkng liars10/10 just because of the doctor who song4:00 thats one small step for man one giant leap for mankind.DUDE this is way to cool!Do you knowh the date of tge first sls rocket lunch?Hi. Не верно. Нужно ступень оставить на орбите,когда капсула подлетит к земле соединить со ступенью которая посадит капсулу в нужную по рассчёту точку.Is it just me, or the paint job on the SLS makes it look like a giant cigarette?Just AWESOMELove the doctor who musicPlease Your Version Link Sent MeThey can add boosters all the way around this thing if they need to. I've seen the plans. :OThis Doctor song is my old teachers favorite song. God you made me fucking cry of memories.What Mods is he running does anyone know??? Btw who knew the Doctor who theme would go so well with KSP!What are your settings cuz even for me having a gtx 1080 I get 35 fps for rve and rssdoctor who song luldr.who song 11hti like the music, cheersit`s awesome!looks like a cigarette....when i saw the thumbnail i was thinking that this was cigarette but then it's a roketyou know that is weaker than mine right? I did mine in demo and made it to sun's orbitAt 0:58 falcon 9 1.0 and at 3:52 falcon 9 1.1Congrats! Big props to Elon and Spacex, I hope they get to Mars sooner than expected. This is a real space program not that Mars One scam.Everything points to them training up a neural net to do the landing. I'd bet good money on it :-)I don't know why, but I think this is one of the most satisfying videos I have ever watched.I watched this more than a dozen times now and it still puts tears in my eyes. I watched the CRS-8 landing live and this was an incredible moment of experiencing history.In some month space x have launched a flacon with a recyclade stageIncredible project and video editing.  In four years from now, ordinary people will be flying to space on a regular basis as a result of this work.Need to update vid. That rocket flew again! And landed again.Plainly beautiful.Very nice montage video!beautiful video!bs     worse than nasai don;t know why they insist to land on water?ooo used final pro final cut  of mac what  you usedrip grass hopper. we will always miss yousweet nicely done vid, and amazing they did this in 4 yearswhat's with the fucking music that the weirdo video editor feels is so epicкак ракета опускаеться на то же место если планета кружиться??????????никто не задумывался почему ракеты улетая в космос взлетают не вертикально, а заваливаются на баллистическую траекторию практически на бок ?! космос не сверху, а сбоку ?!부러워  마르스이주팀  ㅜㅜ  야속한  남편같으니  약속은 어디로  .. 각서공증까지  해건만   칫  손해배상이여  미안하지만 ..  각서대로 친인척재산압류야# ThrowSpaceXoutofNASA(7.9km/s = 28.440km/h = 23.2Mach to be on ISS)
- plus 100km between the air 
- how you do that 
- because one SR71 can not such something to do
- at Mach 3.2
~
How you do that 
- rocket goes be launched 
- and you there just went back to the Hollywood studios 
- and is everything fine 
- everything come where it must be 
- happens only in imagination10 km per second damn...30000+km/h wtf311 North Koreans who smashed the dislike button... oh waitCool animation and CGI! these guys must work for Disney! Well Disney probably pays better than SpaceX LOL.Excellent quality of shooting. I have a question. As stabiliziruemost the missile from rotating on its axis? The Soyuz are a few nozzles and can be rotated. And then what?No stage 1 landing this time?SPACE IS FAKE, SO IS SPACE XThat inmarsat commercial speech was a little odd...The Paris Climate accord should only be for poor Americans that need to buy electricity...not for Space X or Private Jets for the rich....Why are they targeting GTO (not GEO) ?bsflat-earthers make retarded people look smart.has you there used titanium for rockets 
- what one engine do you have 
- because is super hardly needed 
- say this one 

(to be able to leave Earth cause of "Gravity")
_If a rocket is launched from the surface of the Earth, it needs to reach a speed of at least 7.9 kilometers per second in order to reach space._
_The 'second cosmic velocity' is the so-called escape velocity from the Earth: 11.2 kilometers per second. This is the speed a rocket should attain in order to be able to escape from the Earth's gravitational field and fly to other planets._

(source)

_Contact_
_Dr. Ing. Christian Gritzner_
_German Aerospace Center_
_Space Agency, Space Science_
_Tel.: +49 228 447-530_
(short: to be on ISS they need speed 7.9 km/s, to be at Venus or Mars like they claim, they need 11.2 km/s)
(7.9km/s = 28.440km/h = 23.2Mach to be on ISS)
(11.2km/s = 40.320km/h = 32.9Mach to be on Mars, Venus)https://drive.google.com/open?id=1SIvjfzkvdOQVllsJPVwS7DPPX6sAw544OjvQOOJS_2glisten to us please!!!!

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8jDhc3GvScrZVh4U19HQXlCZTQnasa and spacex liars. Fuck americanos de mierda!too bad they'll never go to space, NASA never did either. How much did the backers pay for that fake satellite?where's the landing?All you say is true but if you consider the number of failures and compare that with the number of failures in government funded projects then he has had less and also developed relanding faster than they didn't.  Also a lot cheaper.   Thumbs up to you both :)DedDid you see the object coming in from the right at very high speed just before she blew? Looks like sabotage.I feel like phil REALLY hates elon musk...I still think that privatized space missions are the future.

NASA is too smart to be pioneers, pioneers are and always will be the idiots who are willing to throw away everything for the sake of potential success. And it's just as easy to find rich people willing to throw their money at rockets as it was to find people willing to march into uncharted lands.

I do, however, think that there should be safety regulations keeping the astronauts inside from dying due to problems out of their control. No one should have to die after being repeatedly assured that nothing will go wrong, you should assume that EVERYTHING will go wrong and still have a backup plan.





Also, this was clearly caused by brexit, just like cancer and global warming.I would like to know your perspective today after they reuse a rocket a made successful lounchs more frequentlyIsraeli satellite exploded because karma.Math don't work in NASA...?!? NASA used math. why does it explode?So easy to explain a disaster after the fact. Did you think of an o-ring? Oh well, the UFO is a good standby I would not discount. Back to Nasa pad, Musk-the-fraud.What the fock are you talkng about, they get  6 tons to orbit, are way lighterthen an ariane, and recover your first stage!When did Elon piss in your cereal?  LOLYou have to make a video debunk your own video pls....
"""""The problem which caused this explosion was not one that has been previously solved. In fact, it was caused by SpaceX's use of supercooled propellants and COPVs built into the LOx tank, something never done before. Since the helium COPVs were below the freezing point of oxygen and the carbon overwrap is permeable by LOx, SOx formed between the overwrap and the internal aluminum lining. Then, when more helium was added to the tank as part of the fueling procedure, the pressure against the buildup of SOx led to breakage and friction between the carbon fibers. Due to this, enough energy was created to ignite the carbon with the oxygen, the aluminum liner ruptured, and the LOx tank over-pressure, therefore mixing the fuel and creating a fireball. Although I respect your criticism, new technologies like these lead to issues never seen before, so I don't believe this was due to SpaceX's ignorance. I understand that this video was made before any definite cause of the failure was determined, but I don't think you should have jumped to such quick conclusions.""""""""at least it gave us something cool to look at... a $264000000 something to look at but whatever.basic nasa bitcho.v.i.n.iour provinces electric company "bc hydro" (we use dams) ((duh)) did a presentation at my elementary school when i was a kid and they had two electric rods and they said this is what humam flesh smells like when its on fire and put a weiner on them and they fucking burnt to a crisp, it filled the trailer with black smoke and it stank like burning hair, definatly got the message through, they did it for every class as far as i know. i cant imagine them doing that now but it was only like 13years agospeak the FUCK UPthis guy is so pessimistic, he said in video that Space-x has never relaunched a falcon 9 in a bid to prove that what space x is doing is worthless and nothing better compared to traditional approach. But he has been proven wrong     a falcon 9 has been reused. 
Thank god there have been successful space flights before he was born, otherwise he wold have said thing like, this is never going to work, u are building a bomb, whats the use l, stay on earth etc etc. This is similar to what he is saying about hyper loop as well, i know it has many potential faults, but isn't resolving issues and advancing the technology been the center of human innovation. He talks like a know everything god which he clearly isn't, better stay to you job instead of doing senseless commentary on rocket science.very informative,thanks.GOOGLE FLAT EARTH!!!! DONT BELIEVE FAKE BALLOONS OR FISH EYE LENSES. GOOGLE FLAT EARTH!!!!!!!!I am so tired of seeing these perfect landings that my heart yearns for a big explosive landing fail.I hope one day with all the amazing technology we buy for them they can show us a non-stop video from ground to the iss. I would also like a telescope that I can see the iss with without it looking like a hologram. I would also hope in the future our technology will either show stars in our earth images or not,because I've noticed this even w older images. biggest wish of all is to stop moving the date for civilian space travel. it makes me think it will never happen. they've changed the date 7 times that I know of but I'm sure it's been more. I know most the world is in the same page but where I come from it's called ........Lying sacks of shit at work yet again.....Poo....i missed itThe only video on Youtube where the ads are more entertaining than the video what a waste of time.Unbelievable their are adults in the world who think the earth is flat, humans never cease to amaze me with there stupidity....Wow! Knee deep in troll turd so soon.YOU ARE NOT FOOLING ANYONE. 
BLIMPS IN SPACE.also da steht die rekate an der rampe und startet nicht, was soll das, wollts ihr uns verarschen. sojus fregat.heh globetarded cowards.....smell the roses EARTH IS FLAT WITH A DOMElol, such bs.they have to watch the rocket blimp don't get blown over! research the flat earth!what kind of flying monkey idiot believes this mind control TV bullshit!wow10001010001:37:48 what the heck is that1:59:34 KSP226 downs?  Must all work for Arianespace.@3.07.08
"Scott johnson space flight insider. I belive this is the third booster to be return to land, I think the first one during the day light hours. With that in mind, will there be any opportunity for the media to go out to landing zone 1 and view or photograph the landed booster?"
Response:
"Some one from our media team may be able to answer that. I dont have the answer to that question."By watching this video and all the errors  one would question their ability  to launch  anything into orbit.CRS-10 will be flying with autonomous flight safety system as primary for this mission instead of being secondary.
SpaceX, Quotes: In developing its reusable rocket, the only organization to brought a rocket back from space, flying it to Earth at that velocity and the rocket booster is in fact a large robot, steering itself back to earth without help from anyone else but its internal computers.How many times Falcon 9 can be re-used? and with how much maintenence?Space X, "Bringing back the burn"  nice!That was fantastic, now I hope that Nasa and companies like Space X will finally take us back to the moon. It is not often talked about but the best reason really to go to the moon first is because the Moon could actually become Earth's life boat if a large undetected astroid like the one that wiped out the dinosaurs millions of years ago happened to be on a collision course with the earth and we don't detect it on time or we aren't able to stop it. Large colonies of humans on the moon and storing stocks of seeds, DNA, Technology, etc etc., may very well the only way we can save humanity from extinction, if this event ever comes to pass againYAY, another launch! I've been waiting months :'(ada burungall love for america  andNASA and fbi
love them so muchare we in war again ?hay đấystrong feeling for america
may god bless americawhat happen next ?where is  berthing videowhy did they send it up then keep it up for about 2 minutes then send it back down??23:5024:45 UFO's24:49 what is that thing moving ?25:30 whats that thing moving in the left side ? UFO ?8:26Actuellement les lancements sont chers, bouillants, dégagent beaucoup de fumée et inaccessible au commun de mortels.
RDV dans 25-30 ans quand sera ré-découvert l'ANTI- GRAVITé. :)From Joinville-SC. Fantastico. Congratulations Mr. Musk and team.I can imagine a barge landing on the Pacific would be much harder than the Atlantic.I don't have all the answers because I have my personal questions about him too but that does not mean he does not existI watched the launch from my House, about 45 Minutes North of the Launch site. It was so silent, compared to the ICBM and Atlas V launches. Good Job, SpaceX!I'm a big  Apollo missions enthusiast who lives in southern California and would love a tour of SpaceX.  Is it possible?That is amazing! Good job SpaceX you guys are doing tremendous work.This launch was very important.   It dropped off 10 Iridium NextGen Satellites.  The goal is to have a constellation of 60 when the mission is complete.  Next Gen satellites have, amoung other things,  ADS-B transmitters that allow ATC to track aircraft, without the use of Radar, in areas that now have no coverage, like near the Indian ocean.  The constellation is supposed to be complete around 2020.  If  the Jet that was lost in the Indian ocean that was never found had ADS-B transponders on it, and it were year 2020 or so, we would have known exactly where it crashed in the ocean, within accuracy of a few feet.Tuck your blouse in.Why is there lots of small buildings and huts, 100 meters from the base of a huge rocket launching in to space, they would be incinerated.Wonderfully nominal...lol...well done space xevery time i see the first stage land i tear upilk insanlı mars yolculuğu kesin tarihi ne zaman ?this is obviously fraud...ufo0.06:52 can any one tell me what past the booster coming back down there are 2 black things in the sky ??? 
seems to be way above the clouds birds don't fly that hiDon't bother trying to use logic or reason with those 'flat-earther tin foil hat' guys. Every fact 
produced, they'll say was made up coz they know it to be true, and every
 scientist you produce, they'll say is on some secret payroll to spread 
false information. They all have the same need to feel like they're 
among the elite few who can see through all the lies. Really, don't 
bother. It'll just make you frustrated.Falcon 9's 0 to 100 km/h in 11sec, the Porsche 911 accelerates 3 times faster!!!!Go humans !I wish are tech could 
 Make us have super powers or normal powers like strengthIf that ain't proof I don't know what isIt would be hilarious to see...If I ever became an Astronaut  for NASA or SpaceX and someone called me a Freemason at a conference and I told them...I don't know what this is bruh ._.My kerbals have done so much moreNo Stars...

Aluminiun foil falling off 9.50

not effected by the atmosphere , the atmosphere destroys comets and meteors [5000 plus per day]

the fins, were not effected by massive heat..untouched

the cameras worked through the whole 'reentry, not effected by massive heat''

communication wasnt lost at any time, ALL lunar operations had no communications for minutes due to atmosphere, and massive 4000 dgr heat..''as hot as an volcano''

http://21stcenturywire.com/2015/03/14/video-nasas-orion-engineer-admits-they-cant-get-past-van-allen-radiation-belts/

no atmosphere heat was mentioned..

No reentry of the atmosphere a field of highly dangerous radiation, not even mentioned..

all lunar operations, mentioned the atmosphere as being extremely dangerous, not even mentioned.

tin foil observed around all mechanics of ''space ship''..actually falling off in ''space''

speed of pencil like craft extremely unstable, 11000 klmh, descending, with no stabiliers, at all just fast graphics. looking blobs.doing zero to slow a vechile travelling at massive speed, some type of blob flies past..

to steer a craft of this size, and speed the stabilisers would have to be permanently on..


the cgi landing was simply appalling..etc..possibly one of the most obvious lies ever produced...Iraq, Vietnam, Afghanistan, Libya, Kenya, 

when a lie becomes to easy to be told, then how can there be wee

if people beleiive this, good luck...This is so beautiful I swear I love this stuff it amazes me so much! Great job SpaceX!Total staged CGI stuff...can't believe people still think this shit is realWell done SpacexWhy no cameras on the ground when the falcon landed?helal olsun.perfect landing wow! it's amazing. inspiring job, SpaceX ...space !!! man this NEVER gets old !!! chillsyou would think that more then one camera view can be used.

why just have one camera showing only engine?10:01:32  what are they oohing and ahhing at?  Then they applaud at 10:01:58 what happened? And then shortly after they announce first stage feed is lost.CGI after 3mins :DFAKE!I don't know why so many people are saying this was fake!! Few questions though, was the speedometer broke? Lol was it a manned rocket? And what was the purpose of this mission?Suck that flat earthersfake as hellpalmeiras nao tem mundialtake what...????? it look's fake as F.U.C.K...where it goingwhy was there no landing?Biggest Joke EVER!!!DAMN look how smooth that was i cant even land my feet inside my sandals perfectly on first try getting out of bed :PFull video: Falcon 9 launch & landing https://youtu.be/fV55f_CgsJA?list=PLpGTA7wMEDFhuvDu_hopPa3X6TiFoK_3YI still cant understand the physics of how a rocket lands after it takes off . It just doesnt seem possible with all the stabilization / thrust / control / i couldnt see any side thrusters to help it stay upright while landing .. but then im not a rocket engineer nor am I pretending to be one ..I'm reminded of those 1950's style sci-fi rockets that took off and landed on a single engine. The reality is getting closer.Incredible!!!!Love when we get video of the closer ups. Awesome achievements.Prefect landing. Let's see ULA do that?The Star Child   Ask .........These guys are too good. Great job Space -X.This is incredible to watch.WOW GO ELON GOWhat fascinates me the most is the fact that SpaceX's competitors never thought about reusing their rockets.Who's Your DADDY ??????????????????????????????????????????????????Why are all the hi-res shots (starting around 1:00) still images? I can loan them my cell phone if they want better video than that starting at 0:35 lolamazing technology! never think about it!how come this not on the newsmy kid moment came true..please show me third party "spotter" footage. Even though I'd love to believe it, I don't like the way it is shown. It just has a funny smell to it and the applause is pathetic. Please proof it is no fake.was the on-board camera a flip phone? man, all this technology and this is what we're presented with*FEED COMES BACK AND THE ROCKET IS SITTING THERE,INDOCTRINATED IDIOTS CHEER WILDLY LIKE A MIRACLE JUST HAPPENED IN FRONT OF THEM.YOU NASTARD'S UNQUESTIONING OBEDIENCE IS WHAT THE COMING NWO WILL BE BUILT UPON*FakeGotta admit this is pretty cool. Taking a rocket that has landed itself once already, using it again, and it successfully landing again. Give it another decade and this will be very common and flights to space will be "much cheaper".Ha ha ha ha ha ha. lmfao 
standard cut off!  fake ass shitHow can they pull that off but not hook up a webcam ? Not yelling out Fake, not at all but how hard can it be to keep a video feed from a floating barge?However SpaceX should developing  AntiGravity Spaceship can be used Thousand Times NOT with Rocket #FeelFree https://dadearinto.wordpress.com/2015/05/18/ufo-antigravity-aircraft-the-next-generation-spaceship/Last night Angelina Jolie came to me.
I have a camera in my bedroom, but it has disconnected from the strong shaking of the bed.
But you must believe my word for it.Lot of job fulfillment going on at SpaceX that day, may there be many more in the upcoming years.......Seriously though. Why does the camera go black for the only moment I really wanted to see? That is very disappointing.There is Definately a Football Match Going on Nearby!.They explained that the extreme vibration at landing interferes with the link...if you think this is fake you are a conspiracy tard and just in the way of human progress.To the people who say this is faked: your own birth was faked.WTF did I just watch.    Did not see a landing.  Came to see a landing.elon is trolling haha, I like itlets see elon pony up another 200 million for a 3rd launch thats 
supposedly 20 million ahaha..ii ll be waiting ahaha///////
do you REAALLYY think before you write ahahaha
nasa and 1000s engineers worked on these things in the 1950s ahaha.. 
theres nothing new here.. elon even has a million times more computing  
power on these rockets and still failed 3 out of 4 times ahaha lets see 
him reuse that same rocket a third time ahhaa..
do you know how much it cost him the 2nd time..about 10x times a new 
one.. a 3rd time will cost 20x times more ahaha...
that one showboat willl bankrupt him alone ahahah..go for it.lmfao so fucking fake they have lied for years about going to space the technology what be in are life timewhat? it's just appear like that? put more cameras next timewow so many idiots out here thinking this is fake. Elon is right to plan an escape to mars, earth is doomed already with this many idiots out thereРебята, если первый раз видна посадка, то сейчас раз и ступень стоит. Какая то очередная туфта!момент посадки так и не увиделВажные этапы:
Старт - 00:15
Отделение ступени - 2:39
Зажигание двигателей - 7:22
Посадка - 08:55Да что эти ракеты! у нас в подмосковье опять фанерный рейхстаг заштурмовали! всего 20 млрд рублей обошлось, а ватникам радости полные штаны. Пи*дец как за Россию обидно.КааааайфКомментатор не знает скорость звука когда наступает , это 330 м/с а не 1300 м/сКто таких дилетантов сажает комментировать полет?  Редкий случай...Мне кто нибудь обьяснит, а из чего снимают ракету с бокового ракурса? 
Я могу принять кадры с борта, но со стороны?
Запускаются 2 штуки?
Как так точно можно вернуть неуправляемую ступень в точку?
Ведь земля вращается.Насколько россия отстала от цивилизации?...- НАВСЕГДА!Наши ракетостроители говорили, что для возвращения многоразовой ступени в исходную точку нужно на 30% больше горючего, чем у одноразовой. А тут движки при возврате совсем недолго работают. Обманывали...Неделю назад нам в школе рассказывали что это все путин спонсировал и своих ученых туда отправил , правда?После этого, стадо негров будет все это говео очищаь и мыть , за это же время Россия построит три коробля, слава АмерикосЦам !!Рогозин вздрочнул от души конечноСо скоростью звука напутал здорово, олень...Цивилизованному миру respect.Что показывает датчик скорости после отделения ступени? Полная хрень. Скорость это вектор!Это все понятно, это все известно! Почитал коменты, обосрали Россию а кто обосрал, тот у кого нет космонавтики, тот кто лижет попу. Молодцы американцы, посадили ступень, ни кто не спорит, зачет! шаг в перед! А кто нибудь вспомнил, что ещё в 1988 году космический аппарат Буран произвел автоматическую посадку на взлетно посадочную полосу!? В 1988 ГОДУ!!!! А сейчас 2017 год!?!?!? А кто возит астронавтов на МКС? В последние годы пилотируемая космонавтика осталась только у РОССИИ!!!! Кто то будут спорить!а в чем порнушка -то?автор  озабочен?было время, когда СССР, шатл запускали с земли(кончил,спасибомузончик с интерсталлара))7:30 104 miles in the space and space garbage starts hitting the camera. can someone please explain this away?Can Falcon 9 hold NASA's Orion?Funny how the camera  is either covered with debris or glitches out when it gets to any real shots. That landing was fake af. Turn the ground camera up and watch it come in why don't you? Wake up Globies. This is a helium balloon shot up over the ocean then it cuts to CGI and the famous fish eye lens. Some will awake and many will not. They think they spin 1000 mph on a wet ball hurtling an additional 660, 000 mph through infinite space. Just the rich boys using your tax dollars to have a phallic circle jerk and a laugh at you all.How much do these launches cost Musk?Im tired of seeing reverse clips of the 1st stage startIt really is amazing. It has launch AND reentry capability even though it is smaller than most rockets.Like all fake videos this one is no different....having started with some credibility the rocket then shows the fake spinning ball in the background so the fakery is exposed.....what is very sad though is the number of idiots who believe this horse shit and that the CGI footage of the fake spinning ball is somehow real....total dipsticks....are you one of the fools who think the CGI spinning ball is real...dumbass.Mastering space is man's destiny!  So so exciting this is!Minute 3:01 they switched to cgi and people still buy those preposterous fakery and lies. Those rockets do NOT go anywhere. They are dumped back down to the ocean.Why did the enormous smoke emission stop once it left the ground?Why is landing a booster stage any better than this old and tried method?                                                                                Solid rocket boosters[edit]Main article: Space Shuttle Solid Rocket BoosterTwo solid rocket boosters (SRBs) each provided 12,500 kN (2,800,000 lbf) of thrust at liftoff,[42] which was 83% of the total thrust at liftoff. The SRBs were jettisoned two minutes after launch at a height of about 46 km (150,000 ft), and then deployed parachutes and landed in the ocean to be recovered.[43] The SRB cases were made of steel about ½ inch (13 mm) thick.[44] The solid rocket boosters were re-used many times; the casing used in Ares I engine testing in 2009 consisted of motor cases that had been flown, collectively, on 48 Shuttle missions, including STS-1.[45]Wow what total bs. Landing is poorly conceived smoke and mirrors trick.......Do better SpaceXboring,you think space x would attach a 100 cameras on the rocket to make this video actually interesting...

instead we get the usual bogus NASA style camera shots...ive seen better from weather balloons

and what a suitable name for this contraption the "merlin" vacuum engine.a legend which has entertained you with its wizardry,and now everyone has a hard on for elon musk.

people have came a long way within the last century.you think we would have been pretty situated and established in the science of space by now,[after all we went to the moon in 1962]but yet we are still doing petty experiments that should have been done long ago with the first exploration of space.

i guess taking a pimped out car [land rover] to the moon to pick up some moon sluts,and playing golf on the moon was more important than doing actual science and extending the prosperity of human kind. 

if you want to believe that garbage thats fine,but dont call people idiots for disagreeing to believe such a thing.don't worry guys. as soon as we get on mars all these flat earth fuckers and no such thing as space people can go fuck themselves.lmfao,  the looks like it were played backwards. hahaha jclooks round to me. LOL !painfull to watch this cgi fakeryshe is a beautyspeed of Earth is 108 000 km/h , and speed of Falcon is 9000 km/h. So, Earth is moving 10 times faster than rocket and is still on the same place on video?what happened it was in space at 168km then all of a sudden it landed?2:03 - Hahaha... screen goes dark and rocket has magically appeared on the pad - no smoke and no burn mark on the pad... just magic!!:40 - Hahaha nice reverse playback of a launch.  Even the waves appear to be going backwards.Are people actually buying this shit? hahahahaFalcon 9 landing seen from droneship https://youtu.be/qXzyrTQoNYs?list=PLpGTA7wMEDFhuvDu_hopPa3X6TiFoK_3YFreaking amazing!!!Im not hater, but landing part of video really looks fake, like computer made. Or maybe...whatever :/It's look like a part more beger space programLittle questions from a dumb person: How did they send a white rocket and it returns with its tail on grey color? Did they have 2 rockets? Our maybe it was a re-entry effect that left this perfect grey mark like a painting? Another dumb question, why do they use a lot of equipments to hold the rocket on its launching and on landing it doens´t need anything, do they have a really big magnet underneath? Sorry for any mistakes on english, it´s not my mother tongue.Oh to see the whole duration without all the cuts. For that I cannot believe. Fix Fukushima.STOP MAKING PIXAR MOVIES, THEY ARE TERRIBLE, WE ARE AWAKE NOW, YOU LIARS.Still say they're hiding something.  They typically release more video of complete landing,  few days after the fact.  Where is the additional video?THIS IS SOOOOOOO FAKE ITS FUNNY.These incredibly rediculous camera angles, CGI and alot of cutting and hopping between cameras. Fckn fake.This is what we get when we let a multi- billionaire play Kerbal space program.Why in 2017 is there still no real photo of the earth as a planet? It's because......



IT'S FLATcrapiolaha ha ha ha! you filthy filthy liersso steezsojus start französisch guiana ESA ,,, soyus 2,1 fregat..still no complete landing videos? i can't find any...What a crock of fake shit. Notice there are always edits and jump cuts in this type of 'footage' . I'd like to see uninterrupted, continuous, hour-plus footage of a launch from the ground into orbit. That footage does not exist and will never exist, because this is all obvious fakery. 

By now, we should have vast archives of multi hour long space travel footage. Yes all we get are these fifteen minute heavily edited videos.Why aren't there booster assembly to cargo weight ratios? Also "blast" is misused.  Falcon lifted the satellite with controlled thrust.Yup time to play some Kerbal Spac Programst how you protect from solar i wonder how you can create a field in your spaceship we have of things to all the money going into this project could feed of people the world this is madness has anyone seen has anyone seen the hit the space x will the rich their guinea pigs get them to go to the moon them see how it goes we were warned before to stay off the moon the aliens reside their now you see this spread it stay off the moon all i have a using space program called the lander it looks like this rocket i in the am making a cinematic called planet a fan starring i will credit musk the i have to say you a of into this beast even it s not done yet i even have s its mod space have fun being in space keep a look out planet a fan i wonder how musk feels about flat m a huge fan of your i hope that one day i get the of working this great purpose help make humanity interplanetary m a little about that h interplanetary coast you mean to tell that huge ship will travel at nearly twice the speed of new which is by the fastest spaceship we ever launched i seen them a person in my lifetime that would be absolutely amazing gives goosebumps watching this thinking about the i firmly believe he will achieve this it s fucking beautiful it s going to take hundreds to thousands of years to make we have to start somewhere this thing is bigger then the v i wonder how much it costs this facts its atmosphere is over co earth is less than half of their average temp is around degrees f the planet is made of dirt have fun maybe all the politicians t all scared to loose there in the united states s corrupt government would investing all of the country s money into buying guns not to actually fight in wars to scare off other countries then maybe we would be a closer please give that to space agencies i really feel that governments need to advance space soon because it s fairly easy to tell that it s going to play a rather big in mankind s never thought we would build the succeeding in doing it we would need of chemicals like carbon dioxide to bring oxygen you make the shit that we can when we work together guys big name soundtrack guy is awesome announcement to everyone who thinks we should earth out before exploring space the military could end world hunger by putting the funds to maintain any one of their aircraft still in into humanitarian we t need to our sense of awe wonderment to help out the needy we have nothing to from abandoning our of our known world turning inwards all we have to is back away from each other s throats we t even have to disband the world s military what we can t is carry this stupid wastefulness that s turning the world to shit the alone could turn into a with the smallest of what it spends annually patrolling borders that haven t been threatened since the bay of pigs there s need at all to fix world hunger warming by ceasing all space turning inwards to what we need to cut down is mindless wastefulness a species grow the fuck up cloud city here i come flying around in that would be so anybody picked you up the fact that cities would effectively have zero gravity unless you had then spinning to generate the centripetal so why not that above well reduces your advantage to only being nearer the sun i think so what about mining the atmosphere actually it to reduce co rather than adding to it we re doing to earth then eventually getting down to the where that gravity would come in to play i m m sorry this is so stupid at c water could possibly be present that s pretty much the reason why we so focused not s this is funny not way to hot great again they talked about the moon still t got is go would be more of it had a moon that you could resources from it is all resources would have to come from earth this dependency does not make ideal to live t the between the extreme hot the cold side of mercury be theoretically one side is constantly several hundred degrees hot the other several degrees cold t there be a narrow stripe where the temperature t too extreme it also has a similar magnetic field like the earth water ice at the polar how would we build the cloud cities the temp is way too hot most of the metals earth occupy lack of moon it still seems very yeah s make out my upload s martian chick carved martian carved martian sand snake knew it all these fucking movies about never even the moon always they been secretly telling the movies skunk works is not in area it s in maybe money being into climate is the funding the of projects needs of proof please my latest video called sky moon earth please watch laptop wide screen a better view of details at you will see crystal clear pictures of with animals weird martians one looks like from the emeralds tablets in the pictures of area calypso of spirit s view of troy further a of broken mask pictures of length of video is the video has music so you can play your own music while watching it you gonna believe your eyes not that is what i like of earth sky moon they it all in plain sight thank you you guys great be safe we might well move our back indefinitely i have a feeling this new regime hill is going to blow shit up that s all folks well after reading many of the comments i see why there can not be open book what is with technology advancements i wonder when a of people here look up in the sky they think the painted a screen above their head of the trillions of in the universe is it so hard to believe we not the only life forms whatever what i want to see is debate moon landing denying that would be the slap fight of the century all should out s claims about he is the so called godfather lost at chem trails can u move a few to next nukes off in the atmosphere what a idea said one ever the piracy warning it away these government distracting you from the truth the maker narrator of this kid video is bloody sorry everyone now is talking about colonising that is good we accelerating the knowledge of the space musk is heading this hey it s again i think we could heat the crap out of make a new earth to go in through the of life like way before humans because we can it s fun i like this guy reference nice rap at screw he from will have flying before we you will not see flying in our life time you there s insects balloon ladder bio of will never happen especially in your videos when i offline hoping you add more totally enjoy your soon i will your please already elevator the stupidest thing i ever annoying cunt technology does not automatically improve really explains everything why he feels a strong ideological is necessary why this thing is necessary i not agreed with his although i what he s doing now one understands the reasons better we t need all the specs we can this is a boondoggle until ya really discover something new a of serious asking does human deserve a than the dinosaurs here is what we take with murder holocaust genocide hate starvation fear anger sadness depression embarrassment hopelessness nervousness anxiety rejection hatred death terrorism racism greed war lust affair disease bullying government borders insulting disgrace disrespect indignity down shame rudeness unpleasantly vulgarity uncivil bad manner barbaric gross repulsion savagery bitterness cold blooded evilness ruthlessness tyrannical fascism demoniacal cold hatred monstrously unfeeling revengeful this is what we bring everybody knows what we bring fascist fraud i i have not really been a believer up to now i am starting to think this crazy bastard can actually this stuff off he could people to a half he would have takers at under he would have thousands of people perhaps well the to be a founder a new planet is just incredible idea i think could make it pay itself not just the fare to get there every pound of freight probably a percentage of the of a colony would go to i agree the were there was only one good anyone could have asked where i sign up the first ship i got a you jumped up at the speed of light while looking down what would you see i hope we will see humans within our lifetime please review the next time ideally t a bunch of people this is work people making fun of it is ridiculous remember guys there s such thing stupid just stupid people that s a pretty flippant his disregard is shocking all he needs to he s serious is talk to the space shuttle crews who ventured to to the electromagnetic shield of earth the nausea temporary blindness headaches were well documented they t even to being in real space they still had a few thousand to go before they t have the of earth s shield he launches with his current the only thing we ll hear after hrs from launch is a mass of screaming passengers pilots saying they re turning around which will be too late their fates would have been sealed dead by day three sooner the easy way to go to is to the martians take you there they making trips every day you might say you t believe that that does not the fact this is true the only way this talking head is going to take you to is your head wake up this guy is of shit told the wife today that musk would send people around the moon early she said it won t be she needs a new passport you could start with taking the first authentic picture of our earth from space since it s never been done fuck you the earth is flat anyone would spent researching you would see they hiding god scientist to sun shield clues the word when they loose energy they speed consequently when energy they down the slowest speed is the speed of light facts that can be checked friend humans already the moon already in space fleets knowledge is being suppressed just like our history why have d u m b s deep military to protect the elite to hide time travel a we re destroying earth money the only planet that can a where i can get away from blacks we to avoid a forced depopulation earth we might have to in order to provide our growing is amazing that all these brilliant minds that pushing forward to reach using all these wonderful tools toys they have not over come the very most what to with their poop especially when out of the cubicles locked in their suits water will be so precious that when in the how you clean any besides calling that person stinky go to the term effects of zero gravity unknown the term effects terrifying two years of space flight where myriads of could happen look at the planet there is flora fauna it is not known there natural resources there is water the is toxic the ground is toxic the sun is toxic the temperatures deadly the dust storms deadly the low gravity is most likely deadly waste the taxpayer s money something so foolish i have advice those wishing to take the trip take two potassium cyanide pills call in the morning this is quicker cheaper will yield the same results your to my family died in a the problem is not finding like earth there plenty even in our galaxy the real is that with the current technology even the closest to our solar system b approx would take years to reach there so the time being i believe is a temporary to avoid single of failure it is now with our planet nick last we will ever receive from will go something like this probability of finding terrestrial life forms within our own galaxy is practically zero meaningfully it will be practically of you happy with having just a few people the planet then that might be feasible it will be a very tricky exercise in technology logistics human physiology so just enjoy the the rich will be sending gold back without anyone knowing the poor be not fix earth first with the concerns why not have a magnetic field generator to create a magnetic field around the colony along with that why not make the dome pane with gas inserted between the panes all of this would be a great idea humans t so destructive in time the colony will want to be free from earth laws revolution is born i can earth going to war with the new colony because history repeats itself we still the way we then we will bring war with to it will make sense that is called we should try our best to avoid anything like wars interesting we cant even take care of the planet we have now is there anyone else thinking it would be awesome to be the persons that lived earth then it seems cool to live another planet c the big is two weeks two weeks yeah right a colony really god damn getting dumber by the day at first he said we would in at first then he said before we decide to send people to especially we should up a the moon behold my ultimate prophecy of getting humans to will be the first to it before the will people there before only then puts people there before one because everyone involved in one will be arrested t drink the water he said instead of i honestly think we really need to make that all the programs that trying to get people to should get together to it i mean it would really seen that really knows what they doing when it comes to getting there transportation essentially programs like one seem to focus a more when it comes to loving there there needs to be more cooperation between live with the gods i has destroyed the what would happen they happen to live then obviously they will also t one the scam i guess this is from mar though my team has a better than one which just requires a globally integrated space agency a increase in s our can create a fully sustainable settlement by along with a casualties given that complete funding is provided right now it s a luxurious settlement able to sustain people can be extended although needed it can be shrunken down to a scientific that can sustain about people every easily it would dramatically reduce the cost although we not quite about the in the the rub is that we just high school students t have the resources knowledge to where to submit our project this t a joke we have a about our settlement genesis what there i thought humans have already made it before i go to any other celestial they had a way colony s to talk to earth same here there expect to launch the to is in expects to in because the is ready a space house there covered in red dust the spends a year every year its that is bigger then the next combined not including the trillion spent by the in military operations rebuilding programs in from inch thick wall that s more than a ruler dude biggest with the moon even t be a safe bet there s atmosphere to burn up meteors meteorites asteroids would be even scarier good so one trillion could permanently up over a thousand people the moon humans wanted to drive asteroid into it would get done when the navy said they wanted to fire from under the sea they was laughed at now they fire from under the sea in a confined pressurised space using engines from the failed we hypothetically develop the ability to live another planetary body i think we need to be very selective who we to said i t think sending just anyone to build essentially a sister planet would be wise we need to make that it represents the best of that will last because aliens warned never to come back to moon walk there south shout out d that made happy the fastest way to worm up is by it we got of those they need money to get to i swear to god they money make it a thing i m going to be so pissed when i was i was watching this i am why would we ever the moon the moon t even a planet it s a moon is dry a bitch you t die from dehydration the dust storms will wipe you out to run a colony it would involve just using earths resources undoubtedly needs more funds so they can find planets out there worth why would we make a new earth it would be fucked up too will the new artificial atmosphere last without a planetary magnetic field s live the we need to leave earth by think of crashing asteroid into we believe that does has a weak core the can be at we could kick start the core it was to exist that would solve half the problems why build a sky when you can build a roof dumb awesome now make it happen cool i can t wait that day when the first human person a foreign planet not like got powers they ll make it happen hopefully it s a woman tho how awesome that would be purposes space almost like lady liberty something really cool i m desperate what is the name of the song i want it not real with the it did not a of things like how did they ship the will the the rover be able to one rocket how will the rocket down like space x so how will they get the rover out it s all fake we cant even go to the moon amazingly cool can t wait the actual thanks good luck is what we need today a new we can it project just like the moon landing was the s were a tumultuous time much like the current is many things divided the country the war a generation conflict like none before there was the space program that not only many people work it people a purpose they could rally behind a greater that everyone was of from the farmer in who could think that his crops were used to feed the astronauts the who could see his ore being used to build those rockets to the welders that built the rockets the accountant that managed the of funds everyone was of this everyone could quite credibly say this t going nowhere without we need something like this again something that s not only a huge leap ahead in technology s be honest here what invented in the s drove the economy until the s i m not talking about things like even computer i m talking about process quality project things that were hardly considered before that were basically invented during those days at least their methodical at best they were coincidentally used before only with the of quality process the moon shot required these now generally employed were elevated to academic systematic level we really really need that again yes the moon shot was incredibly expensive going to will cost even more our flight to is only half rewarding in hard actually the moon shot was the economy will take over the world in ways we can t even yet someone said recently he wants to make great again now here s his whats the first power with those also why is the solar even the first power so from the wires usually mean loss with dust storms that can last months i t dare go unless there is a guaranteed nuclear power supply life sustaining power they using this u mind i this a school please listen at we twins we wanna go to is a who wanna go to we also want it is also our dream please help was our dream when we were years old we that s a good start its not good enough to human there keep em there i think we need to out to build the community domes the astronauts can stay at this is a very good start is of computer video is useful its t you re watching real earth out there either all doctored you awake this is why i love bill the speaks sense people should take is a great with a great amount of it is great that he is driving space travel forwards it s natural to want to dream big t that the facts realities of the said he wont mind dying just not funding steal cant believe any of this i m being nice bill really who is he nobody is going to want to be of populating with will never happen ever t get around the belts neither will how he stumbled through the answer about it the is killer the belts very challenged to go to the moon in years we had nothing used rocket boosters little more than trash cans carrying people into orbit we t have the help of computers unless you could call a slide rule a computer we had to borrow technology from the just to get a in orbit we t know what was out there we t know that we could get a back from space alone whether we could recover him he landed splashed down looks like is looking suicidal people to send them to death experiment is irradiated desert with a co laden atmosphere a of the gravity humans adapted to one way anyone it s really not a big deal he just wants to be in the history books risking other lives bill the guy has a huge steal underpants my next big is obvious they t send a human in space yet he speaks about already anyway i wish a good luck to this open mind project we need a more professional host we heard over over how impractical deep space frankly i have to wonder why popular scientists like bill so keen to occupy such a shallow uninspired when considering the subjects of renewing our manned space that would take back to the moon then to had stood at that announced the imperative to the moon framed it in terms of the cold war era antics consider to had gone to state how impractical expensive dangerous a venture going to the moon would be he focused intently the overwhelming likely hood that the attempt would end in failure loss of life we would never have gone all of the impractical dangerous seemingly insurmountable well the political implicit i think where we go wrong nowadays is forgetting that dreams the any all human we cannot be inspired to think fantastically then only then great human whither we need our advocates to speak in terms of infinite human potential we need the shadows of humanity to be cast the stark ancient again humanities children in will cast their fixed in wonder humanity recaptures renews its inevitable drive to reach out touch the mysterious infinite of a universe that all of our known has hung like a ticking tinging just beyond the reach of a newborns grasp firmly fixed in the awesome depth of those new eyes uninitiated unbound assigned to creed without resignation nor confined within vacated dreams we by our birth by disposed to strive in perfect perseverance to make those seemingly impossibly remote objects when we look to the moon through our technological to revisit the moon we now able to see frozen like still frames the immutable perfectly preserved evidence of humanities last presence there after nearly years since took those first steps onto the lunar uttered what arguably among the greatest words ever spoken in all of human history that s one small step one giant leap mankind we see the remnants of those the lunar lander decent perched fixed there exactly where they touched down almost generations ago even more awesome the trails of the astronauts footsteps engraved forever fixed by virtue of time under the immutable of endless space in the grey crystal of the solar drenched they become ever more real almost just out of reach so when i hear prominent scientist today most of whom were children of the age speak of the impractical dangerous of the dreams of humanity i must ask where the hell were you when committed our to achieving the of putting a the moon i must also ask where the hell were you when we achieved that lastly what really was the that drove forward ultimately resulted in the success of that i can say with damned absolute certainty that it was the whole dream of entire generation of humanity to rise above ingrained destructive ideologies imposed confinement behind arbitrary boarders in fear humanity renders itself deaf blind in fear humanity seeks to destroy what it fears a mistake from which humanity has so made over over fear is not in something fear has we cannot destroy fear it is of the human given by fear is a tool survival so we it what it is beings of superior humanity conquers fear by reason we subjugate that reason under the grip of fear we cease to be human in fear dreams become nightmares of discovery peace become weapons of war adventures of become crusades to conquer enslave in fear humanity shrinks from it s to wonder awe of creation its mysteries indeed our universe becomes unbearably small yet paradoxically remote impossibly that bill is a real this is yeah die a happens two weeks two weeks cost per one trip ship forgot add m it looks good space good will might help while to t anyone how atmosphere is you need a reminder just hop in a human sized microwave the popcorn button you make it to the end without exploding you re ready life you t just sit your down be thankful earth still has a atmosphere is government having some to the ground work should be good i m not how humans can adjust to such a different environment he s awesome i heart space it s a though you know it xi think musk is secretly a martian trying to make great again i would definitely go to i had the because earth is getting over populated won t be able to sustain life much this guy thick i mean there is oxygen it s like saying we moving to moon how we move the oxygen barrier before thinking of moving to help someone seems to be the company to lead mankind into the since the government is more interested in advancing military tech than other planets s a of is hype is uninhabitable here earth we have vast areas that uninhabitable at the present time ask yourself which is easier make those areas earth too soon to discover the outer space too late to discover a there people earth who fight among there fighting here we have this guy who says i am not gonna fight a tiny piece of when i can have any in the sky i want its gonna succeed another thing i hope it will finally we humans will be the of creation not we gonna our weapons something good nice of hour video thanks what he does is genius he is my idol musk will be the iron they should go to the make great again p we meet again can someone in this because apparently i am stupid why there programs already to send people to to start a colony one to go to the moon we can get there much easier than less money you think atmosphere can be maintain i think we should mainly focus just we t have the technology to right now it would take thousands of years it will be easier by burning nuclear fossil carbon run you t want humans your they destroy everything they touch just assuming we can at all i think we t be able to generate artificial atmosphere gravity generator the next five hundred years all based that such technology is even sounds like a idea that is is at all i think the planet is now would be a dangerous stupid venture pouring gases into the atmosphere redirecting asteroids to crash give it a moon nuke the poles to melt the ice nobody seems to have idea of the here it s like asking to build a sky the magic word is atmosphere in technical terms t one it is closer to a vacuum than what the best industrial vacuum pump earth can reach even the vacuum in a flask has more than the atmosphere mind that a flask insulates that s also what the atmosphere does cooling of machinery factories placing greenhouses under n cupola they would up like a balloon earth just with a much larger at one difference the lifting is metric per so they need to be closed very strong spheres instead getting overheated by trapped solar heat in the flask atmosphere that it is cold makes hardly any difference just a little sustainable manned is a hoax the atmosphere times thinner than earth s is already carbon dioxide it s not heat with that amount of co then making more of it t going to anything only has of earth s gravity it can t hold a earth like atmosphere with that gravity alone magnetosphere to shield from the solar winds there s a better to than we want to dream at least it already has a atmosphere to work with the planet is the same size earth s be real not going to happen the resources technology to already exist they just hidden behind all the money we will have to create a with a primary to there many more hurdles that we have to leap over before even think about any other planet we still have getting past our own magnetic field we still have with navigating them through the solar system there s also the problem that some burn up while attempting to planets atmosphere not excluding our own so yeah you can count out i ll stay right here earth they bore to the core of explode there some hydrogen antimatter to make the core again will have what will help in we haven t even yet its considerably more than at least the south pole has oxygen a magnetic filed to shield you from the solar wind what was flat when i was little my dad told that humans used to live did to earth what this is saying to to i know it s not true i thought about it a time you know musk wants to transform in his little playground so he can enslave people there the reserves of iron you you only have few years left to deadline just a guys is it that when we melt heat up the core of it can then generate it s own magnetic field thanks its to give it core a magnetosphere so the greenhouse gasses wont get blown away by solar winds gravity is also a big when the government decided to funding the space this needs some fact checking perhaps you were intending to highlight the end of the shuttle program which was decidedly not the end of funding nice with must have been fun to with him he is already with the reusable rocket i always watched their launches like i watched the launches of the space shuttles i think i should partner with i have a crap of ideas that would work with his the belongs to both virgin galactic musk is going to kill with his musk is one of the few billionaires that i he actually cares about the of humanity the planet we inhabit i haven t seen anything new in space travel till now i hope we humans get to travel to different systems in the galaxy i love this guy i really t think humanity is going to go extinct any time soon anyway all the time there diseases earth that kill some people so natural selection is constantly selecting people who can diseases i want to eat her would also like to her i would love to clean the toilets at space x facilities that i could say i work every rich fuck that is probably richer than this gem of humanity would actually invest in a better world even evolution of of space preservation of so many problems earth this money to eliminate poverty who cares about we re not meant to exist forever space maybe the frontier it s made in a key to true freedom to is anti gravity this is where the real research heavy funding should be directed a breakthrough in that field would be a real saver it would literally everything i know most people think that it s fantasy it can must be achieved we hope to get off of this this chick is hot pretty wise to move ahead a little thing your consideration musk please consider a moon well while going to this will help you a so wants to it be obvious that magic probably exist we think of real magic it is just a way to effect the world using technical understanding of energies in that understood by those that have given of those energies a have found that there is something to what is considered chick wants a piece of blink a hundred jeez way to dream big t we aim just a few first i mean something goes wrong that s a of people these people the down when talking it does not make you look sound smarter awesome this is it s very foolhardy irresponsible to try to make a colony at this we should be focusing all of our a sufficient the moon first i sign up this i t understand how using a two rocket saves money compared with a bigger one you asked to out of the atmosphere more times with smaller rockets t that rise costs energy required compared to a big rocket breaking out of the atmosphere i just wanna smoke a one poop bags potato seeds ready should be illegal a company to up take my money all of the hole basically musk to murder people either in to after landing so does anyone know how big this space x shuttle is going to be sounds exactly like what i did in you have many fails get the basics down before you go to that is really manned that sounds great all yet were not exactly ready to follow these it irritates aggravates that this not something we can now like come space x governments pick up the pace i want to live like it s infinite warfare you re great i love watching your excited way to talk about the space manifest destiny remember when to be the cool space never said they they said they will get you there how you die there is entirely your there is shelter logistic equipment anything you have to decide what you need to bring there they only to u there you die within of arriving that is your problem not going with a bunch of guys send a team of hot so we can at least populate the red planet than forget i have a dick the rest of my miserable t all you re eggs in one musk t know anything he thinks would be better than earth before he looks like that guy from the history hank you your brother geniuses dream com lets not move to r i come from the year blah blah blah the is this year might actually be the year when the s details revealed probably sometime in i t think musk makes a good scientist he decides to withhold useful his own benefits i understand the of why we just its basically a warmer whiter of the oxygen is free it already has life it it would be way cheaper you re interested in the martian is a great book about a manned ending your life in other words you t get it example asteroid hits earth humanity would die out we had sustaining objects then pretty much each colony it greatly increases humanities survival rich people to you say sounds like a great idea the of shielding is interesting to primarily because i t understand why we attempting so hard to shield from they now have that harness the energy of decay rather than needing a nuclear reaction they this in a manner similar to cells t it be much better to harness this energy i am that is task it seems we going to dump a of time energy into something it might well be the most of that time energy they haven t even tested what it would happen humans tried to live there return yet he s talking about a colony gone pay to go to to risk your life earth a life a rook in space more the gravity is lesser that means that the kind of humans that gets there will die they back maybe not the first generation after a few they would never be able to live earth the is much higher because of its low dens atmosphere you could protect you from it i still wanted to say it still we need to go somewhere else something like that backup potential overpopulation in the that is what i think hey you have a few thousand engineers trapped in landing pods who knows what they might come up with nothing makes progress like big brains trapped together with nothing else to lets dream about make colony like in like in recall one is so gay its based off of his rockets so commenting one of anyone maybe not such a good idea with the colony would you be able to wear clothes oxygen mask would you have to wear a space musk said that they will be the system there is easy he said failure will the easy can t wait humanity to discover the relics not make a thing then it is about the first thing i heard that was good true about the q a this guy would well in the i mind ads in your videos because your always open about it can t really complain when the is great it s have red fuck watching bullshit ads i leave likes so you still get money when i block your bullshit adds i won t watch them then i ll up you in the recommended so somebody else will i think humans t the right to another planet i rather die you wanna make a sustaining colony you d need people who know how to build houses plumbers electricians farmers the only idiotic comments get likes who believes this guy musk is obvious fraud leaving a planet to live in a dead one sounds smart what space x is a fraud it is the new to keep you entertained they cannot go to space they cannot deal with the the absolute vacuum you really think those thin ships suits would withstand absolute vacuum think again it would be like withstanding the crushing of the deepest in the ocean in make sense they d explode instantly they went up in the ships suits they have it s a mind control to entertain you cash the start of what a fag look at this this the thinks he will look smarter by doing this what is with this idiotic against such by is this the new news the way you present the facts makes it sound like is a even trying s a go why not try the moon first astronaut has died from starvation hilarious awkward the reaction astronaut has died of starvation dead s try again restart game priceless quill how you core the anyone else played this before my first guess would be to centrally with more than one rover much of the map then near where you want to live send more equipment wait a years i guess in game then launch astronauts i created game with the same premise called tycoon feel free to it out quill i need that is finished available steam can you a follow up series showing the finished game means the launches every days hours so this obviously means the ships can t launch from the same earth the moon all the time when water t you search circularly from the ship so that you cover the nearby area first they would the rover t i have been mar solar years i was when he finds out that the astronaut died of starvation well that was painful you can several of the you wont need right away to get your colony started were not meant to go faster you actually went too fast most send rovers a methane extractor some the first launch wait until they found water methane at least also the tutorial only explains the basics because literally everything the launch screen has tool tips you to read also exit the window about there being between launches a new window showing recommended launch loads will pop up this is mostly those watching this video to see the like the game i see you noticed most of this so boring we can t even get past the s blah is a dream just build a moon about it the will kill you seriously this guy needs speaking ability he talks like a third grader hey is that you damn you i think in the will become a sanctuary while earth decays in its stupidity everyone will want to go to only rich people can afford it i will provide one example to how a planet can be how come earth s the only terrestrial planet in the inner solar system that has a moon while neither t t it make you wonder that the reason to why complex forms life never took shape while they were of years ago was because they lack a moon that could it s axis providing a season pattern like the earth a moon would a magnetic that would create a strong magnetic field that could reflect the solar to hold down atmosphere lost its atmosphere to the fact that it lacked a moon like that of earth s moon had had a moon like moon it would be today well mercury was its moon because it would help it to retain a magnetic field a axis a hour earth that would have expel most of its runaway green house effect without a moon to encircle a planet complex forms of life that of the earth would not form to in the weather patterns becoming warm of cold a daily basis the best way to in under a period of years is to make s moon natural that could help its magnetic field inner crust that of the earth the planet would be able to warm itself up was made new the same can be applied toward mercury becoming a natural of that would solve the problem of getting rid of it thick carbon atmosphere make the planet rotate in a hour counter clockwise movement axis stability s all trump to go that flight along with his political side kicks the technology t have to be fully tested s that rocket to good send trump in to space return will not be until this can be answered how will going to make personally wealthy until that can be answered in a concrete way will not be i would love to hear answer technology is the only help mankind why his time that d dude his peeps got the fug u need a giant its space sex this presentation chock jokes ritual be governed by sharia law only be to sanity checked people you re of shit you said you would humans into space before now you pushed it back to years i know space does not exist these apes believe you you should be arrested tried treason musk is a fraud he is not president of the universe is a fraud about like thorium won t a like that to last millenniums after call all taken was should the moon first whats the wait a while we will have d printer that will print your city before you get there yeah you know how to warm planets up we will be in with cant a shit using available technology which based over systems which useless new spacecrafts required much stronger like carbon is hoax is unmanned object rover is fake prop in earth desert simply get money existing so there of wars falcon rocket falcon when build falcon real we gonna i have superior than currently available one which the competitors of i have to offer them my together we can make real spaceships right now we have spaceships useless rockets go you a true visionary great dream i born the same day born you the same year i know you you made it how they solve the problem of the belts i am i am not the only one who says that the music this video is a bad choice i was to get to big in i would like to there will be a world war during the flight to planet they will be away month i think there will be more wars than the tense whats going more interplanetary system will be up soon just dreaming it cannot be accomplished really nice video thumbs up try to not get the subs in below the logo annoying things going that we the people not allowed to know quote from president bush we cant handle the truth my reply you cant handle the people knowing the truth the in the wont allow this to happen a book to read with facts of whats going insiders reveal space programs extraterrestrial by e d moon solar warden tr b the the all over the galaxy by now the haven t even built their first colony yet this won t work the market is a hotel in orbit the moon way much still crazy difficult costly well done i the big hype with the its same a huge desert except more expensive invasive polluting why not first you re such a enthusiast it be fun they will even have private security people watching over you safety of the colony maybe even who it the overseer his gonna what happens when someone dies where would you bury them just a thought up colony launch area resources from take resources along with other things thin out the atmosphere of while also cooling the planet down dramatically give some moons s that will core eventually melt it giving it a magnetic field the moons of the gas giants is better than earth cosmic rays like totally rad false advertising is how i see it start with the moon it is by the best ground knowledge we will need to establish a colony to establish mining in the asteroid belt i ever made it to another planet i would my flag it call it people here earth would not be able to say shit i would own my world all so those laws made here earth would be void either they like it not s be honest we fucked up earth humanity needs to die is better than my the feminists prob had a field day with this doing their spiel of the blah blah down with the patriarchy nonsense sucks not even worth of being called a disappointment all these misled people you cant go to the that means you can t get materials nothing there is water there is sun there is cheaper you t be able to since you can t get water you can t resources from the we would be just depleting earth faster your head people you think you re smarter than the internet truly is your is basically touching the of a planet is cool therefore wins stating that atmosphere is sounds misleading because many would that with a thick atmosphere like earth in fact hardly has any atmosphere so even it had the same earth you t breath it also bringing comets into earth orbit is a very bad idea because you will most likely generate of which is a huge risk to spaceflight operations that s is problem is a quantum physic problem choose your game throw out the window while you re at it would ya is much better choice first attempt its gravity is slightly lower thus better than earth not too low to it is warm technically there would be with power such necessity to it solar energy could be harvested all the time to possibility to just move to bright side of planet is much completely unreasonable i wonder why insisted to instead of doing research in upper atmosphere sucks indeed is the best is neglected what a bunch of anti scientific bullshit i that someday will step when he describes he sounds like he is in ghost all the hard work of with it s people a simulated landing over a year in i believe we have enough footage that we sienna the footage the trip will look quite real we won t be bothered by those pesky bubbles like being filmed in a where will the homeless poor live human should anywhere until able to live peacefully earth first of all first build the moon fuck u that is what u want to fuck u who cares there is a life we can even learn to live with each other these just want their pay fuck u again hi hopefully too i t care what anyone thinks you disagree you re wrong humanity s priority is to get to asap i feel like there is a significant presence there is going to be a war over what ever resource that we haven t found yet i kinda feel like people get what they want will become irrelevant considered a hoarder of space i feel like a of rules will be changed the sake of i hate to say this does not want any human because humans bring a of suffering hate imaging taking the atomic bomb there i think it d be very good we cut all foreign aid military spending by give it all to space because that s where the real is it will never happen we have not even been back to the moon idiocy learn to live with each other first sounds like the in these comments lukewarm at best about the china will quite happy to get there first unchallenged then you can have your s fix earth to keep you happy the money starving children s sounds better when we go to we will find absolutely nothing a waste of time they need to invest time money in why t we go to i t know it would be like moving out a mansion to go live in a cheap tent with holes in it the they can take paradise with them to it would not just be a feat of also a feat of aesthetic achievement well i can t believe humanity would want to live a bloody desert why you here waiting you of shit going out of your should be half gravity bill you forgot the most that he was conflating conditioning evolution a person who to climb is not evolving they conditioning themselves to our current knowledge their conditioning is not reflected in their offspring was not by it was by with plentiful resources not barren wastelands with nothing we will be here until our i could easily a hotel then you would need supporting who would live there a year i like bill i think this is a a of we going to other planets even though there water there we must leave earth basic that also the movie is called the space between you going to quote a movie it right i like he seems so clueless in this video of will in the yes we would probably evolve to have lighter skin to less light be to the gravity i hate him in this video he usually is very this he is being a dick i think it s the space between rather than the worlds between actually i m nobody else caught that i heard that is a death trap soil weak gravity numerous deadly problems maybe that s what we should try to out a way to before we even try the a temporary colony will never have a thriving human colony the astronauts need to be carried out after duration because their have atrophied not because any of evolution which t occur in a single generation movie is space between i thought it was pretty cool the only way could really be is through scale automated baby factories gene editing to manually select the a martian baby would need to pretty much none of them would even a year until two sexually specimens then you have to start the process over with their again until you finally get a specimen that can sustain life reproduce be functional by then he s probably not really human anymore completely unethical that is really what it would take to up of years of natural evolution what is life without the birds trees sky butterflies mountains oceans you want to live try staying in your house a year with a small group of people we need sun water without the sun our bodies get naturally depressed yeah musk says yes we can it so suck it up bill i feel like this is one of the best counter your movie the worlds between with john we will not both why should we move to another planet when this one is just it s getting worse here yes it will be after all of right now watching videos either old dead that things will be one thinks more humans more crowding lesser quality of its called a condom people its called keep it in your pants earth can t handle humans also be careful what you wish believe ill possibly be working at the the summer of to the winter of technician there still two left its a big decision it requires of so maybe i will find out what its like these years we still wears those anti bill is a cool guy he s not a true working scientist he s never published a single paper in any peer reviewed he s mostly a talking head bill the martian guy evolutionists behold your prophet your is either the moon with a steady diet of mallows of bill the guy there is hole in the its much thinner some in some areas is too much when they talk about all i can think of is some form stealing alien hiding in the ice we it won t be cold without the current is to by releasing of heat to accelerated warming is of water oxygen more importantly co they all trapped either in the poles under the ground we can heat enough by nukes focusing mirrors to reflect the poles by greenhouse factories it would trigger a chain effect in that the more co is freed the faster the warming would progress that would give atmosphere where is suitable earth life along with oceans rivers it would still be dim colder than earth it would be very the true problem facing the of is the lack of a magnetic field in the planet that means solar winds come near the planet they would strip the planet from its atmosphere i wish i could go to becomes president she l lock all up call predators again fuck that field t anybody worried about the lack of a magnetic field mushrooms not pretty we ll actual scientists with degrees when it comes to this stuff bill to getting kids interested in the subject call it good a mushrooms t they in the fungi kingdom did someone else that i got nothing love bill that was a mistake in the what about the in the soil even you created a greenhouse that could control the climate the you still t be able to grow things in martian soil because of the toxic the probably t grow even they did you ingested any of the soil you would become extremely sick why they shouting they re inside have mics right next to their with a nuclear reactor t be all that cold you can every gas excrement you other people produce with that much power also perpetually greenhouses i hear your mom is ultra maybe we could her first with her having her own gravity all i know how to only i had the money the knowledge i could get the ball rolling i think we should first then then moons of i would like to the sun i heard that its hit we could it live ice is one of the best greenhouse gases because it is produced by organisms of is the more exciting choice outside our atmosphere i would rather see my tax go to something much easier first earth s orbit would be my first choice earth s moon may be a better one ferrying all the materials into orbit assembling them the current space assembled may be even more expensive difficult than factories the moon s were developed from a moon space craft factory outer moons asteroids planets would be easier so many reasons the needed to make those trips to settle outside our own atmosphere would be developed faster because that is how other would be all about i earth s moon first it just seems to make since to that a orbiting space putting it into our moon s orbit could assist whatever moon is there much lens its not needed that much bro also yet to better be than just alone so we could have a of people within the solar system in the yet the concern is the of some of those worlds to live could work with floating cities we could we would you know implode with the yeah is a better really need to sit down think hard how to your head first the moon then up s all of earth s to problem solved magnetosphere niggers never could the only whites east might have to nuke the core of veins way better should first the moon then aerospace s go to the shall we generosity com community i want is a musk to answer in order to go to how will you get through the belts without ending up dead is depressing i can t how anyone with even a shred of curiosity could be against space there is some solace to be found in the fact that we re already moving forward despite the naysayers heck china the space agency all have ongoing programs humans will have been to by at the latest deal with it first we need to s construct a small moon to orbit s call this small moon the death we will need someone to be in of the death so s emperor with such a ship we need a of so s start developing a army to this ship we can call these storm troopers what you think he puts snake oil salesman to shame in my better to try the of asteroids that between to select a block of ice the them so that they fell to thus there will be more water her raise density of the atmosphere because of which melts at the poles of frozen carbon dioxide will raise the density of the atmosphere even more from this it follows that it is to landing need to carry water to the can be grown in open ground the water will be enough at the equator is reduced temperature water will heat the battery like the ground i understand that this is a complex task can just about one thought decided to tell just another puppet of he is getting paid all the bull shit him explain how he will get out of the atmosphere when his at openly proclaim they cannot get out of the atmosphere per their scientist what a of crap is not red anymore so is miscalculating this guys of excess fed reserve is screwing up his mind he has one what a loony is brilliant while the imbecile is worried about the school that will be salt to give basic to the useless the united states is taking care of our solar system appropriating of with all merit help o com a e b in o solar l com o e a with unlimited potential supply very small gravity well why not a that is enough to carry from back the rocket launches there would only help with green house t a thousand person would make this way more affordable from from earth the the got back to the fairy ships could have return ready to load the fair ships deliver new to the could be much larger heavier never needing to earths gravitational am i in the sci movie it sounds like a dream can i build a the can i potato can anything even it has molten core around the planet earth is protect is not there is a serious risk of solar flares destroying equipment lives seriously it may all well be achievable why the desert planet i smell bullshit the should be to because pretty much the s h i t e coming out of this project musk the the most boring guy to sell such a big idea i need a to to this guy i like i d like a pound every this guy says i mean where is his he is a news announcement in history k views you deserve has anybody figured how to get humans past the belt its just above earth of trapped solar that any human to sit in a metal hope to is just madness unless we ship some led shield up there essays just yeah so only the guy speaking is the one that poo your makes absolutely sense why not just take the in the first cost of manned deep space is insane we could robotic atmospheric geologic sample return from almost every rocky icy body in the solar system the cost of one manned to the space ship takes several months from earth to the what a passenger die board the body will polluted the inside the ship everything may happen during the journey space program truck simulator space program farming simulator bullshit fake fake without a doubt you want to believe all this shit not buying who holds the hand held camera this is clearly a build hand held footage from aye they can send a camera to the red planet it t be hard to send a group maybe this video is fake just saying i am overwhelmed by your creativity your desire to warn mankind my is is going to sling comets our way given the size of which is at least to times earth s size is just the next planet over at of earth size why would be from the comets heading in this truth is eternal knowledge is power well meaning thoughts love each other will ensure our survival motivate to make a better of souls s stuff like this that contributes to the already here i wonder how you will hold up when it s time to pay up your when the choices mad lord of the flies a combination of all three more fake inc using your money to you in a godless world seek the heavenly father he is who they re hiding nice little movie people should know because you should tell them in the that your videos not real great movies though you visit of fascinating movie museums you should tell which ones you visiting so we can go to just it then edit it together like its some kind of real you have from we t stupid well most of t great though your to promote truth we shall all be free read the muffin papers better footage nick at fake bullshit this so incredibly fake it makes sick to think that someone would take the time to make this video with toy controlled tractors even get a real fucking producing this shit dickhead also looks nothing like the shit in your video fuck some people the next shit what a complete waste of time just watched a video about their new with a telescope in it here we the seriously i hope this old lives to see delivering returning humans to anyone who says something is too complicated is in years time that will not be the failing to advances in technology is something is famous failing to correctly is their hallmark since duh this guy s a joke said the return trip is free whenever you want to go what is he talking about private investors will just leave people there house the homeless first i am writing a book about the very subject consisting of the of called operation mosquito it s called operation mosquito because in the book the governments at the united decide to slowly destroy our earth not all of it while sending approximately fifteen thousand citizens to at the same time the minister of how the whole is quite similar to how a mosquito takes the blood of its victim leaves behind from its saliva that s all i will say now folks this of subject fascinates there were a big enough space inside of a space ship could somebody go in the middle all movement then not be able to get to the wall ceiling floor anybody know what i mean it is better to asteroids they easy to take off create earth gravity by rotating s go to the shall we aerospace generosity com community cannot go to it s all happy dreaming everyone musk will nuke the ice the water vapour will steam off into space over of years closed my saw watching this asked you have arse the dream you transform in a earth like planet then destroy it in years of t it be easier to create a human like control it remotely i know there will be a delay because of the i think it would be easier than sending people to the planet lets space give it a go a planet name it hello we could build homes save the we could dig deep awhile we could have fixtures rise in a we could sit tight unwind lets space give it a go a planet name it like suffered warming from martians doing industry faked the landing in a to bankrupt the a of scientists have said one way over their heads too unequipped t have enough knowledge to go through with it in fact they said that the first human there will probably be dead in about months also is not a freezing planet it does not need a warming the temperatures in most regions between to in the shade pretty much like earth bacteria there most probably dead secondly the bacteria would not be adapted to human biology so it would not first does not look like that it does not look like a red barren there is reason to think bacteria evolved to humans more dangerous than the ones earth third since when one talked about eating cockroaches in particular fourth the astronauts would have against so martian giant cockroaches anyone here s a crazy thought the may be taken offline in the next ten years why burn it up in the atmosphere when we could turn it into a space ship a just add one more with a water shield during the trip add engine s screw earth so we can go screw s throw asteroids into so it hear s up come one we got earth with its beautiful landscapes its flowers its seas its languages beauties anyway it is i t know why i m writing this so lets not forget that gravity is less than would bone loss more than the elders lose per year heavy vitamin d in the diet would be there is one big that trumps all else s weak magnetic field remains even we somehow try to pump gasses into the atmosphere since every single solar flare will basically brush away the in a single sweep while radiating any organisms with lethal levels of because s magnetic shield is practically humans want to be able to in the run they will need to consider in atomic shelters only going out when they really have to ugh the narrator is a deliberately pretentious person spreading half truths to a thinking what s the name of the tune in the first anyone knows why people keep talking about taking care of this planet first its just its the most peaceful it has been in human history we affected by diseases the least we have been in human history again its just its just the fear mongers that will have you believe that the world is the of collapse why not the moon first i really hope human will ever manage to any other planet the human sickness should die with the planet we re day by day we re the of universe u want to say not everyone i answer u yes every single one letting someone destroy the planet means u re it what a weird creature we uh this to com r can t even manage run fair elections we so away from this right now we could crash into it is already a could internet s say someone uploaded a video it could be to take to get to the martian internet take about the same time to load it will take to update mans sky nostalgia musk to making over priced electrical is the new could event by trying to avoid event modern day legend nice musk could be a sign he is turning evil villain religious people go to we t want our children other planets to be poisoned now he s going insane interesting to watch the process unfold you re into histories so about those so they to study the planet then it i think it s priority to that after the first few months this guy is supposed to be a genius whoever any other planet than earth wins they win history mankind they will dominate the human two we gone when we cant even get to the moon again i guess really has a earth like they found out that have oil then the gov t will fund this have a launch by next can build a stellar ship go find life in other planets space x anyway people die earth whats the risk it is more of oceans need tech refuel with hydrogen in ruined earth now we can ruin more look other planet to live when there s already earth u want to wear suits when around spend our ideas energy earth rather true happiness comes from contentment any frankly i t think this whole system will work the though good has problems the to that problem t to in a the heat caused by of them working at will be tremendous especially you get closer to the of the such a of extreme temperatures could melt the engines in the inner possibly igniting the another problem is the caused by such extreme number of engines running at has to almost a of water to keep the shuttle engines from the ground around the launch pad the shuttle only used engines the colony ship will exponentially higher number without damping the ground could shake like earthquake finally what is the to micrometeorites this ship is absolutely will be a magnet the little buggers though tiny these pebbles tremendous the has to deal with this problem daily at the end of the day none of this really matters because the earth is not it is a convex disk one will get to because there is space rocket is perfectly valid follows the laws of thermodynamics however none have ever been to space because nothing that we can invent is of passing the great video great thanks great videos here would love to see a to include the artificial gravity during the transfer to that would be really cool holy weeks that mod was made in weeks i love this see what this is x i been using this mod a while had idea you made that returning booster fails to the desired it could endanger populated areas i hope real life proposals have that in mind have a counter measure planned such g d forbid its a giant dildo the its i it scares which link when you only have fps is playing the game a not gaming laptop x many crashes save corrupted can anyone help with the corrupted i think i ll need to copy the save onto another save right yes musk this anyone noticed that he said he t of age lord sir channel has gone a way since sub t it i subbed when he had subs now you have about times that amount keep up these you will be at with the cinematic done best wishes from is the clouds mod again the same old stuff under different name you kidding there is oxygen not soil water freezing cold not much to maybe we could send the bankers politicians lawyers there way even they did produce atmosphere without a magnetic field its going to get stripped away by solar winds fascinating arbitrary in a capitalist society there only reasons to inhabit survival until then it s a romantic ideal hey s also dip shits your like minded freaks my planet we will have burn like a mother send owners into deep space eat t get it why you people constantly re uploading documentaries under different name practically stealing them reported i have been a fan of going to years however his idea of transforming is just dishonest he is being dishonest because he knows very well what the fundamental problem with is core solidified of years ago thus it lost it s magnetic field with magnetic field solar wind stripped its atmosphere almost completely even you fill up atmosphere it will be stripped with solar wind again i m sorry is dead there is nothing we can about that i would love to see a manned to my generation grew up with space flight a rather redundant our dreamed of space when they saw the astronauts the moon however their generation mothballed all the ideas of actually exploring this vast new frontier i would very much like my kids to watch in awe the first humans walk the martian we were able to live how would it s low gravity affect the human body i think after a generation two that humans will you think this will work try it first in a uninhabitable like you can reclaim that you may have a remind to come back here in yrs time so i can cry about the fact that we re still flapping around in low earth orbit war is good politicians trillions spent wars a lack of will from these same politicians will prevent any such anytime soon the money is could be made available just not the will to it why has nothing come back from can it be done then we ll talk a military deport some nukes declaration just i think the is what makes humans we have the right that we own the way this theory is talking it s kinda bothering a heavenly body what makes think we have the right to just go there start bringing over these you will then warming up the planet you insane we already know that humans a life form yes we have wonderful that makes such the ability to create we also have very very bad attributes well like killing things everything in our wake we locus what makes you think that we start warming up this planet everything will just be peaches we addicted to fossil i really t think in years we going to be dependent from them which then the what we warm up to much we warmed it up so quick in the beginning that now everyday emissions right back in the same we in our planet today make much sense does it look i m all exploring having small amounts of over there to n samples n that of stuff i m not done to fuck up another beautiful body that i had nothing to with making so therefore i t own therefore i t have the right to warm it up it of u will until we fix what we have done here we have right to go there term stupid just humanly rant done of smokers send them there without their tobacco that s ed up they t extend their lives it would guarantee the whole crew kills each other a few hours after leaving earth maybe days at best them it would be a horrific tearful experience of woe utter torment mentally physically be useless a crew of space withdrawal is bad narcotics withdrawal more addictive at least they have a needle they can you with heroin withdrawal such needle be one hell of a brief trip a nightmare of one they would die smokers these expensive because they require keeping people alive remove the people astronauts the is cheaper it can funding cuts send power generators devices there now much remotely send people when it is cheap affordable with present tech trying is just a waste of time lets so we can fuck that also up just like t wait till the next one keep up the good work could you try sending the its to other bodies in the solar system like our moon i t know musk s idea of the is the best idea the first landing baby love how this finds digs at this we ll have the whole backups planned out before musk there a episode planned release soon love the videos love the familiar well love your videos you deserve way more views it out t have a magnetic field so they need against fast electrons those will die instantly nice i even know how to get a to a planet my god this is the of the go look it up it s pretty much word you got a good voice love the you got some good you make good mods hey buddy its its it might be dying a more i hope your channel goes so here s a sub from a member protein is much better than insects fed shit i d colonists may need to look at instead of the lifeless tundra they will look at everyday how about lab grown meats protein will be needed please bugs will there be a fifth episode cabbage other low nutrient foods not a good idea to produce first foremost you need energy foods corn rice wheat potatoes potatoes to the simplified harvesting preparation makes a good first choice followed by corn the thing you want is high nutrient foods maybe that s kale hi from video some reasons i can t install can you provide a link to download the last release please you have to make a planet before you go planetary otherwise of people going to die before everybody else wakes up it t got atmosphere near earth gravity most importantly a strong magnetic field also moving the planet closer through bombardment of asteroids meteors will make power generation photosynthesis much easier we can this now all we need to is the fuck out of it to quote a pun then it because the we choking ourselves the planet in our own we have not got that much time left before we drown our planet ourselves in our how ambiguous in the video we abundantly hear how people should work together while seeing flag in is this what geographic has evolved into so i ll other videos i ll unsubscribe from this channel i hate the kind of species we absolutely zero we re very much our way to mass i see that some of the comments below distaste towards to the idea of settling they imply that we should be focusing more things back it s not fair to say that those that dream of settling all of these big here earth both naturally by yes some t give a s not all of share this same view i one would love to see things improve here earth this does not from dreaming i would hate to be friends with a person who worked in because they would never you forget it you could botch about the cold they would always reply you think this is cold you should work in start their with like that one time i worked in it was it will look like slavery more maybe you earthlings should try your problems earth instead of going to ruining other planets just a might ask dumb to scientist university scientists scientist likes dumb my is what astronaut suffer acute respiratory medicine available astronauts have to kill him her to save the rest of crew moon first more interested in so many people saying we t go to instead should fix earth they not we can both earth should be a larger priority that t mean we can t a small side project there big differences between i would argue it would be much to live than apart from the investment to get the colony advanced it is actually colder in to the high heat of thick cold windy months of darkness lower solar than the regions of we would inhabit very difficult access to mineral resources soil needed to sustain a is easy to find resources everything is out in the open loads of exposed right the martian area is equal to earth area x larger than almost completely buried area the real dumb thing is they still oil when they should be using small modular nuclear reactors we spoil what we have in our hands we what we t have in we have we spoil that look again what we t have it s else read colonising is such a negative world with a bad bad reputation in the past yet we choose to it other planet going back earth is they want to start it humans want to interfere dominate process of yet forgets hes of it need to dominate m com interference with it up a big time there was a time was today human stay there in the name of its not right the causing warming look at the icy shedding its wanna go s like a l d hop pr l episode com watch v j a info j steam com workshop browse field co re p s big fate tectonics m steam s y o d d j y a c s play field j d y a a j map m c seed s lets play s s t c j d d field s play video d s s s o play sub crew out of that planned that s a of elbow room send send spaceship a team astronaut water farm power send spaceship b team astronaut send a team b team return to earth spaceship send spaceship c team astronaut start hey know when this will be updated i t know why i get more from watching from know how to grow you think i ll qualify d i think they will need years to build a working anyway they even manage i guess the first ones will only be well trained astronauts who already had a of spacewalks had special to build the ground i t think the problem will be to get to to build a working sustainable that t get shit by the temperature differences i wonder its booster with a nose cone landing of would be able to go to with in orbit this would be useful martians would want to build their own space a ship orbiting with a big collecting is this in what mods did you i can see that you used space x interplanetary system any other mods so i m guessing your the of death is high is it really a rather than a risk guys always make such good i wish you got more should more should go too just need views you got the funds to go to hey you have a complete list of mods i love your how your planets look s a deluded first of all this is not how you you need a moon first the he presented is never happen i suggest establishing a thousand colonist moon filled with technologist geologist rotating farm of livestock of cows pigs send human embryos only the producer of green house gas the moon industry is sufficient meaning you can now solar electric vessels then you can start it won t be just a spinning city using the rim the middle some livestock you have a thousand people you can just send human embryos next step is smelter ship eating up the asteroid belt that s what i expect a millennium through people have planed going to how will they achieve this they t have a reliable mean of transportation yet rockets too dangerous likely to s is going ham those after the moon the who a world with a one can park its arse would be next you get the idea anyone else you know the music used in the background of this video i need it thanks humans the last thing needs i volunteer i know this t anywhere near popular your tech videos this was very insightful you t beat about the bush in making your arguing advantages throughout although i would say we should out the earth s problems first before we make any decisions to create life elsewhere in the universe we have such a good planet here yes with several threats nowhere near many unless we know what we re doing first more space experiments first then to space i m thinking the volcanoes have that go way down maybe dropping some heavily down there might gradually heat it up again might need way more than we can realistically produce at the though my thoughts humans ever going to they ll just have to accept the consequences increased risk loss of bone density unlikely to ever return to earth there will be a cost in my the benefits outweigh them in theory how many nukes would be needed to jump start the core would nukes even jump start the core bring more of it love it thanks wrong its actually our best without undiscovered tech trillion here is a paper it gov gov we t need to at above the planet its quite comfortable temperate you t even need suits has many times more solar power than enough industry exotic tech we t have yet it really depends time we talking years might well interstellar travel we things will go exactly how they have been we d like to have a sufficient colony going inside of years that has term viability its we have years we gotta go the moon knowing the harsh low gravity could doom posses of these problems you floating in a giant wide green house with dirt under i d love your comments wars will be in time throw a of nukes into the core what could go wrong very cool we re destroying this planet in many ways while dreaming of making a barren planet again it s sadly ironic at the same time would be amazing breakthrough we could find a way to it someday why would you need to bring your own oxygen you would have choice to grow your own food inside of to the low atmospheric you said that the atmosphere was co nitrogen well that should be you the atmosphere growing would release o a byproduct of making food so you not going to ship food you also t need to ship o won t the humans after thousands of years become a different species in other words they will become before getting algae to grow to establish a level of oxygen we can other that various minerals chemical compounds produce oxygen waste product just like here earth before life really kicked off the great oxygen most of it out a few later it takes a century why wait more of these please so step one then step two can t live too you can never come back we will never be a species because you certainly could never come back to earth you were born the gravity there is weaker every cell would be crushed by the gravity of earth you returned dumb dumber edition pt i m ready to help you holy shit i hate this guy he has idea he is talking about should just shut up go this is why i hate will be the first listened to his speech the salient private partnership he wants your money so that he can innovate a healthy bottom line stream not realistic at all never going to happen especially not a flying vibrator musk the puppet is of sh t musk company just trying to keep this outer space moving forward one word owns only thing i d worry about is earth ending up in a political often used in one is used a resource supply manufacturing wasteland while the other the financially politically this whole thing is amazing incredibly exciting i think the most interesting thing of all is how it has people revealed who the bold optimists frightened pessimists more than anything i ever seen before good godspeed ask china help u already using engines so why not only hires not realistic at all waste of that guy is a is outer space that s god s realm wake the fuck up we never went to the moon this fellows a wank the space program the private sector was delayed because the only foe in space to the was so in practice they held the high ground good is they have lost that drive they had in the s become now that china getting into the act the rules have been relaxed people like musk will get there using a tech i also noticed that the wright brothers had big funding those in private expanded the of flight not did the government sums who the hell is this guy thinks he knows better than musk some investment betting risk bitch please founder sake he is the founder of motors although he is the reason why it had a a journalist debates engineer a editor trying to bring down with media interesting musk thinks can be generated with solar panels this is epic failure of has giant dust storms much less solar thorium reactors would it thorium will make it disagree with this we have evolved to live reproduce in earths gravity the gravity is less than that of earth how can we reproduce live there permanently a baby t develop grow properly in such low gravity what about the term effects every system of the human body the same goes every organism that lives earth people ever going to is such a joke to people today its not even funny why does he bring up the v s technology sake the world is very much different now we have like d printing technology now cheaper ways to things its easy to tell when people t understand musk s because they talk like they news is plastered with t them bother ya so these my insights to her link is solar system object list org wiki list of solar system objects by size i would your to the gravity column the gravity t to earth s than anything more than a t be advisable you would want works to simulate earth s gravity with centrifugal this is difficult in my would make these low gravity moons planets undesirable even which is head shoulders above all other is still the hairy edge of feasibility sustainable nothing more than a should be built the moon in the near we could build a city that s a i want to make can a colony the moon only a just fun though i ll list other objects in the solar system that some of human presence even it s a robotic outpost lightly populated s upper atmosphere it s degrees it rains acid it s gravity atmospheric would be familiar to that high from the it s geologically enough out from s deadly magnetic field gravity would be to the moon a would probably resemble a lunar much of the tech developed a lunar would be directly transferable a planet in it s own right it s larger than mercury not there is thought to be a magnetic field near the equator which may be useful is still probably our best bet a to s system of moons s oceans more than that of earths that is useful stuff maybe not the best a to being ice frosted water ball with real solid the moves you lived here you d want to live in a submerged vessel in a pocket of water to shield yourself from it d be awkward cramped it s amazing moon it has a stony atmosphere lakes of liquid methane atmosphere could be useful sadly a low gravity how low is the gravity well you had a of cardboard wings you could probably take flight farther out than escaping s atmosphere could be more than it s worth like is enough from it s body that it t bathed in a magnetic field a here could be useful to the moon s of leeching of water before retreating heading farther out into the solar system beyond the realist in says we re about to hit the greater depression the idealist says heck yes we have to this humanity the reality is is that basically all the people in the comments not astronomers rocket scientists so their will always be less educated many in the comments answered at least discussed in numerous talks the matter by scientists of said similar fields sometimes people empowered in telling people they re wrong that is what you ll find much of in the comments this video was a waste of time you know whats funny is that really is the same line used time time again humans want to go faster faster then horses is that really humans want to fly is that really humans want to go to space is that really humans want to walk the moon is that really enough yes its yes we probably could it in the next years it all depends our commitment numbers of have been created in a time of need by that completely the human development so the t is it really to it is how badly we want to you think you re gonna escape from you little bastard think again funny how this editor was called in to tell the realities of the up by the planets most advanced space ship company they have idea how powerful advanced musk s raptor engines how many companies years away from starting space mining it s like human there to be to go in learn to refuel the rocket without learn how to safely the realities of lee s to beyond s talk about it because i am a big selfish egotistical i pay people to leave good comments in the comments go to hell musk this guys is just editor hes talking like hes a space industry veteran sit down why does musk want to send a hundred people because have more to find work the of survival then go from there of equipment these talking crap how about the water oxygen weight needed the yr of water of oxygen per astronaut yrs the it is a way also they cannot supply the with this payload is of bull shit i t need a rocket to work that scam out i just find it curious how most people who shine doubt potential opportunities t take the time to fully their research before they say something you re going to something at least say something informing ask a especially a such must have a that thing is sweet i personally think would be a lost we can t out how to make its core geologically people always talking about forming without it can t be done without a magnetic field to protect its atmosphere from solar cosmic i think we should be putting more research into how to create a magnetic sphere around the martian world term mass i t know about you i t want to live my entire life under a dome i saw the whole everyone except is a fucking pussy i want to stay earth where it s safe not taking risks is what nowadays i t to be that way it s good to see the even i lack his though it s in a league of its own meanwhile says when they can get through the theoretical belts then they can go to the moon beyond there not quite ready to give up their authority u know we re shut in can t go anywhere to prove anything hence the lack of a single proof we even been in orbit there is proof of anything only hearsay to say anything else unsubstantiated is better than a fairy i believe we may even be sacrificing our own innate inherent knowledge universal consciousness by giving any power to these concocted talk about blindly worshipping false prophets we the people who swallow rote regurgitate dogma whilst crapping all over common sense any doubters can u here tom floating in tin can s such a s tie blends in to the they have a way to go even it it t work in the end worst scenario is that we end up with a nicely detailed this has in itself too bad one is a complete not up a the moon first see how that goes a contained has to be created anyway it the moon first please why not falcon rocket to why so many stupid people here in the comments you fucking your adult such thing space travel keep your fucking fantasy i understand why people talking about like we would need a whole more than just potentially water being there to live permanently honestly really silly idea is it wrong that soon i hear like that see eyes bugging out like that i immediately think delusional is realistically lets go jump another stupid it is sq bad we can t any planets even go to real space hello random person scrolling through the comments people not going to be the first because rovers have germs things o them which can anyone know there is a craft available this g day good amazing research your video gives almost more details in a good way than the actual space x video so it can carry people years of food water of it can carry those same people years of food water makes you think i love how you say incredible video that was a of work i can tell i want to add they will send tanker ships first park them into orbit then spaceship will get soon then depart also said that they to make many ships so they will be of sending needed number of tankers into orbit before spaceship to speedup the process l space x am musk t a pr l e s l r d musk re e d s d tail r rel t r re r r co ts e l c d musk a d r d l r s d e e d tails d s musk e r l space x musk tr s s c v re g n d euros d h re m re d e e e l rant d c l rant l d c l m m fr com there will be three to five refuelling tanker trips not just one also you t only its thing t they send the up first have the manned ship meet them in space reduce the time in space even it is by a few hours also reduce risk of the pod having a catastrophic failure meaning they d have to send another pod up while people in space waiting logistically speaking it makes more sense to have the crew come up last with the very thing that i t understand is how the people will from the space ship am i being stupid i m not could some clever soul tell how space x l acceleration d l d c l gamma a l l gamma d d c l d m l l gamma a gamma a v t c l l v v v v h v h v v v m s m s t t t t t x x x gamma a x x x m s gamma a x x x m s g l l m s gamma a m s l l d c l gamma d gamma a a ind t v v h pr n e r l e r d c l g v h v e cad v d pr d d s l tr s m m fr com would be a waste to leave st ship a landmark deconstruct that shit it to make the st settlement bring it back to out the bugs flaws in the the with interplanetary system this has made want to a space x career very good work this is a fantastic stuff good work its so damn dangerous to refuel the rocket why not send a bunch of fucking to it we always keep a few of them around at work handling removal its also nice to have a few people around that t know what symbols material mean when they get sick hurt killed its easy to get more that way the expensive workers t have to take unnecessary risks so it makes sense to send a load of fucking first despite being way more hospitable than settlers ever established there hot deserts way more hospitable than very few people settled there permanently is a airless desert away from it is a common wealth of the humanity in the same way is doing is one thing sending settlers is another it raises some legal the fools who go so to live a desert where they walk around in all the time because there is they can breath will soon ask to be returned back to earth all astronauts who were to orbit the moon said they discovered how valuable the earth was how desolate empty space was i see a empty bottles of in back of that explains a i guess it would be fun to go there a of pride human beings settlements it is insane we probably won t out live the planet so the resource things is not human beings being so wonderful to have to propagate throughout the universe looking at the great we done earth with other species destroying their how well we all get along with each other it makes sense the other animals probably wishing they could pay the trip up the entire human the first ship out how depressing would it be to live a planet where you had to live in a bubble very little will never again walk out into the sunshine listen to birds chirping while taking a deep breath a beautiful spring morning i believe of the would prefer death to the other will their minds after a years when they start going insane my of i was always wondering what would think of s planed this is exactly what i was looking s pretty nuts to try to now in the near maybe yrs from now there so many better things to in space astronomy this would be just a waste of money people will get killed too magic powerful will get there soon like this ranting fool anyone involved in this should true unto themselves would apologise the pathetic assumptions being launched out of their lying fantasy kids believe you can fly a nuclear salt water rocket its will be happy at that decides to launch a program seems pretty out of now just goes to how many people thought a victory trump defeat was inevitable the power that cat possesses is awesome the cat from outer is the difference between a scientist engineer the scientist just wants one specific done the engineer makes it so it has over the people forget that even though is a rocket that can go to he is a system that can go so much more you going to it it right the first time well i t think will work too many things can go wrong i think is more solid however i t be a return it s best to go to stay i would have a craft unplanned emergency departure have to that possibility what about heating electrical heating elements will not last forever this foresight t addressed before it becomes the colonist will be forced ab to build heat exchanges that the o manufactured in the the colonists will live only until they told they can t have enough heat while i like i wonder why he has to musk rather than joining him to bring his still theoretical to the project while musk has done a number of firsts in rocket technology has yet to prove his ideas i have problems understanding people like him who almost all have failed to investors to boldly go ahead musk has done it there is success without risk of failure in a practical sense says could could could just does does does end of s approach is right when first planned the moon landing he envisioned either two v launches with assembly of the lunar lander in low earth orbit a development to it in one launch john s championing of the idea of lunar orbit rendezvous meant that the whole landing could be done with just one v thus saving precious time money i am big fan of his interplanetary booster a rerun of s broad brush thinking is merely following in the footsteps of pointing out that using just the falcon heavy booster much of the early ground breaking foundation activities needed to up a colony can be done comparatively cheaply quickly i understand this i a huge life system the ship the best way would be to the astronauts in a state awake them when arriving in that would save huge amounts of weight you need much food water the ship the oxygen intake would be putting people to sleep in artificial is done earth decades is safe its obvious to it that way it would solve the problem too because you could insulate the sleeping chambers against you could the fluids the astronauts need the astronauts in the sleeping chamber so there be weight what you think of this write comments trump won eat it lets go to make great again get board guys so have a cramped return months years not it will be years before has a sustained colony not because of will power money power lack of those there of because it is a year turn around trip because is not the magic of there wands to wave prayers to make research happen in the blink of eye you going to live there you going to have to make power in a manner that does not goods from earth does not o does not you going to live there you not going to magic meat from a dish you going to bring along a goat a chicken you going to go there you will want a planted garden you will want bumble bees similar then to pollinate spent years dithering around wondering lettuce was safe to eat following the inducing cosmic exposures it had in space that s only first generation lettuce grown from earth seed not lettuce grown from third generation exposed seeds years turn around get it in your heads every will be tested a of three times not more at years per tested event the that humans not in the dozens in the hundreds when we there will be earth life ships arriving after that years that is we start now with monthly out the what the return vehicles t work they re at the emergency will need energy so they have to be able to energy to near broken device i attended a of this years ago it was very convincing it was about not just separated single like we have today what i liked about his idea was sending human to leaving behind some the planet each time after a few you d have enough a return trip then you send humans it seems here this is updated proposal i like the idea of level because one fails not all is naught i feel like this guy could convince anything is turn a into water we can m not interested in going i like how he has refined the into practical it takes shit of money which is problem it s almost too meanwhile back planet earth human is poisoning the environment creating serious enough problem that we must now look a new planet to inhabit sad more i m wondering who took those pictures one will go to until has done a post all the moon astronauts better safe than sorry nuclear is more fun though this guy did a rocket motor t going to happen without induce scale i mean by releasing all known bacteria known to earth bring it to it speed up the consumption of minerals from soil to release the gas its all ready choke of co its has to be converted biologically gravity is so weak almost nonexistence magnetosphere there way to hold prevent atmospheric bleeding there known electromagnetic field created there more reasons not to spend the money to go to i feel s life dream is to go to which is great seems to not really care of other concerns that plague society ye how about we fix overpopulation planet earth first before we escalate into endless wars natural disasters yeah take the money something that we t know anything about nor see amazing i hope i am still alive to see the of by the way the thumbnail looks like a dead where i can download the episodes sup i think we need to work cheapening the cost of placing something in low orbit u can this by combining elevator platform assisted helium balloon launch like flying when we can that it is easy to all these simultaneously space moon colony ever happened to the space elevator what about a going maybe a of the way out of the atmosphere that gives the shuttle a boost catapulting it into space kinda like what they have aircraft my a manned to really worth all of the money it will cost there plenty of volunteers the cost is going to be plenty of people will be complaining that the money should be used more immediate right here earth nice video poorly titled this is not about of what does zero g have to with interplanetary space flight what dingus t one of the numerous artificial gravity it s basic physics inertia spin gravity why the heck is the moon not completely converted into a space yet humans could some evolving they be too many mistakes especially here in the u s we could one day planets we would first ensure there will be frequent trips between earth just like how we first new hundreds of years ago we t send ship leave them there either to die to live so the colony will remain protected run by newly assigned people the previous ones can come back take a meet their families i can tell even the indigenous people in some being isolated with other thousands of years can still with any human after forming having their own evolution scientists has always said that a of the human genome is particularly interesting it seems to function rather than to secure the human genome to not mutate evolve too much like not growing gills fingers thus the human genome would most likely be secure even after generations of abroad its actually pretty smart to still meet at space after months of quarantine in a specialist facility it would become dumb not to introduce them to microbial life every year since they would be the most vulnerable species in the whole universe one that t immune to anything its probably worth not to with diseases until we know that their is form life concluded its probably not worth keeping containment off the planet real life martians coming soon so we t take we will be stimulate martians immune system with from earth diseases the expanse anyone humans will bio engineer quicker than evolution s go back to the separate entire species from one another over fear of epidemic is a very paranoid i say keep the people with their diseases have them communicate with one another back earth because even we manage to disinfect all martians of all diseases there is a that one of the human have in them turns into a because of the martians weakened immune system kills most not all martians the colony o destiny o the destiny video game o o o good channel ever every time i tune in i feel like i m fly into the throughout outer space i dearly wish was still alive to watch all this happen so we supposed to think those prove that there animals human activity there it s called so there was a very small small enough that we cannot see them maybe inch tall we d see them in person we cannot with our rovers they re smart enough to avoid them s also they existed of years untouched undisturbed out of nowhere this metal wheeled beast landed started rolling around their world not after that the aliens that the beast a a third a few just smashed into the then they started dropping entire cities onto their world these to them so they simply cannot conceive their we become gods granted this is totally it s interesting to think about how would we treat them would we them leave them be would we wipe them out without a thought what one day this happens unlike all the movies where earth is invaded what we re the invaders this is awesome by will be big bigger than apple so he will have problem with funding the dark matter is life life in its form with body attached you re welcome i hate this you sound like a cuckoo we can t get the belts so please cut out the click bait karma does make a series cool fun fact means sun in great brad i found a cool game call fear equation you should it out hi brad this game was than it looks when you play it great great review cheers from love this game brad please make a series i liked this one i think this is fantastic i really can t wait the next episode keep up the good work i love all your series that you make it got to tho is getting a monotonous a is a map the moon one of the moons of awesome brad cool please keep making more of this more videos of this this reminds of this one is this one looks interesting i like it gr stuffs brad this one is good the falcon build this looks like fun brad thanks the video you should more rd to see years old teen that is studying programming so pumped to believe that i may contribute to the of what a great time to be alive begins before kindergarten pay to your kids education damn your channel is awesome is not a logical motivator to it s just a perk of fist send landing take off craft the way to to learn to safely send some spare well then you send the people orbit to orbit vehicle that where built in space i think musk is trying to with space x much the same thing he s done with motors slowly invest in improving the technology costs until they can those investment funds actual to make the its interplanetary system a reality first they have to prove that the basic technology is then they can invest in similar to how can now invest in recharging their rather than just the basics of the underlying technology it seems a smart move to the little now will pay the big later we able to go help some metal to build a spaceship to go to i would it my best rick voice is one hell of a drug subscribed week ago probably the best decision i maid thank you have already built petrol in space they re advertising pump attendants wage have the coffee they haven t yet given the contract i hope pasties available obviously will be that s a prerequisite shops i can t wait to go thank you to all space x engineers there is making the trip time shorter you lose the safer free return trajectory that comes with a month transfer go much faster you ll be escape trajectory from the solar system the thrust efficiency that would allow a shorter trip time should be spent in increasing payload you want to make travel cheap payload is the best way to it they seem like the only group with the drive to go it have the is banking a internet technology to pay the has magnetic field u will die from the is our best high floating cities we get earth like atmospheric a magnetic field a of resources the ground that in time we will learn how to harvest build that can withstand the enormous the dedicating thought power other resources to is a brothers yes yes they will first there s drive there s there s resources that will make it all happen the write brothers where the first to repeatedly fly they simultaneously created reusable a hundred years ago rocket is more complex than pedestrian aeronautics u mean the first to regarding magnetic spheres debunked by the start of what you see is what is not what is shown to you not stream of that s not y can t it be flat y can the heavens have luminous celestial body s so space is not the domain of the rich military it the domain all period you hairless talking irony bird flies by in awesome when can we expect recovery of to be tried thanks earth is flat bye musk is the forefront of our now it through a fidget spinner get a at the launchpad is so now that they right near their facility people s homes looks like something straight out of a movie hell yeah i t see when this was uploaded amazing one step closer to wonder why you guy s t manipulate the magnetic fields earth free energy pollutant that a system basically earth is a magnet the atmosphere a neutral the rocket a magnet that you can control polarity the body of the rocket witch will the more power that you feed to the magnetic body of the rocket will the detraction of the magnets to grow faster s in orbit i not know what the hell i m talking about described i seen it in a dream that is totally unbelievable wait a its not real they have just gotten really stupid now this is so bad the guidance capabilities needed this insane they make it look easy theory t actually human he s a advanced alien trying to get using our shitty we have the internet there is way to communicate i have way to reach out to people that would love to have i am the right people reach out to they would love to have just wow yo drone manual t you love how the comments always selected to be at the of the i love that stuff yeah this never happened how many camera you have of this event seriously i m going out a limb here i nothing about this yet i have money that says it never happened just the hell of it yes i m very serious i m sorry anyone s new s just it like this not one of these rocket have ever been to space including the ones that you see going to space not one of them yes easily proven easily proven with basic video blown all the way to the well that was easy incredible amazing work everyone fake absolutely unbelievable this very same rocket just landed again yesterday considering the laws of gravity should there be at the of the rocket to nudge it upright landing sorry this looks seriously suspicious definitely questionable comes to mind add some cheering sounds there you go you a next comes guys get real you trying to convince people this is real then please t under estimate every ones i m embarrassed to watch this musk is a new brand of is marketed at the younger generation you ll understand this one day holy fucking sorry in not that educated in this field what does this mean rockets it s reversed get the the water how is it not tipping over waves amazing stuff only rocket landing crashing with thanks to musk his company of brilliant scientists engineers we can go to soon i m expecting to see this when they i know they can keep going great guys that s very impressive here s what we can to the world right now to a better take all that money we spend weapons each year instead spend it feeding clothing educating the poor of the world which it would pay many times over not one human being excluded we could space together both inner outer forever in peace bill hicks i want that to happen this is absolutely amazing you utter morons thinking this is real fuck sake pops a like its playing backward g thing t just kinda come in that fucker that in whole shit people were booster anyone else get a random this video i think you should send up a raptor engine vacuum testing the payload the first falcon heavy launch falcon t h i c c great tested cans a screwdriver at the bottom press the bottom up the side collapses it might need a wide hoop inside it might need diagonal braces pretty damn s the dream first time i saw this they were still testing grasshopper the thought of landing the boosters blew my mind then now we seen them real this is just the best company so great beauty in proud of you ladies heavy may go to am from south i want buy the rocket go to the so help per tutorial how to make falcon heavy get falcon attach boosters capitalism has landed successfully always makes cry exited best porn back to see this video still gives goosebumps awesome choice of music well energises to pursue my dreams can anybody say what the abort procedures in the event the landing goes awry the st went off was headed a populated area does it have destruct would shut off the engine i have watched this too many times time i teach i will begin each class with this the projector that is so of space travel this is what you call rocket it s a big deal i tell you this will go down in history the that defines humanity a space faring species more so than the moon landing i not understand why not more people see the significance of this must have watched it more than a hundred times my eyes still wet what a crock of sh t get the to believe you landed a rocket a ship you a bill t take too many fake videos to debunk your crap you load the liar bastard was this the falcon v v thrust well done musk what s the name of the song guy at is shouting buy buy buy i felt awkward orgasm after watching of the biggest events in our lifetime i wonder why the landing t filmed by live news drones from broadcast live around the world even recorded by a few this could have even been filmed by scientist watching in a boat from afar when landed it was said that hundreds viewed it so sad that with all these amazing landing feats not one single cell video picture exist video from helicopters fishermen wow so sad something this big you d think they d want to prove it beyond a shadow of doubt musk may i make a you should out the camera the with the one attached to the side of the because the camera flying through the fighting wind heat somehow never cuts out not the crappy one the blacks out someone sneezes too hard liars just because of the doctor who song one small step one giant leap mankind dude this is way to cool you the of first rocket hi is it just the paint the makes it look like a giant just the doctor who your link can add boosters all the way around this thing they need to i seen the doctor song is my old teachers song god you made fucking cry of memories what mods is he running does anyone know who knew the doctor who theme would go so well with what your settings even having a i get fps who song who song like the music s awesome looks like a when i saw the thumbnail i was thinking that this was then it s a know that is weaker than right i did in demo made it to sun s falcon at falcon congrats big props to i hope they get to sooner than expected this is a real space program not that one scam everything to them up a neural to the landing i d bet good money it i t know why i think this is one of the most satisfying videos i have ever watched i watched this more than a dozen times now it still puts tears in my eyes i watched the landing live this was incredible of experiencing history in some month space x have launched a with a project video editing in years from now ordinary people will be flying to space a regular basis a result of this work need to update that rocket flew again landed again plainly beautiful very nice video beautiful video worse than t know why they insist to water used pro cut of mac what you grass hopper we will always nicely done amazing they did this in s with the fucking music that the weirdo video editor feels is so epic s h to be between the how you that because one can not such something to at how you that rocket goes be launched you there just went back to the is everything everything come where it must be happens only in per damn h north who smashed the dislike button these guys must work well probably better than quality of shooting i have a the from rotating its axis the a few nozzles can be rotated then what landing this time space is fake so is space speech was a little odd the climate should only be poor that need to buy electricity not space x private the rich why they targeting not make retarded people look smart has you there used titanium rockets what one engine you have because is hardly needed say this one to be able to leave earth of gravity a rocket is launched from the of the earth it needs to reach a speed of at least per in order to reach space the cosmic velocity is the so called escape velocity from the earth per this is the speed a rocket should attain in order to be able to escape from the earth s gravitational field fly to other planets christian aerospace space agency space to be they need speed s to be at like they claim they need s s h to be s h to be drive com open saw glisten to please drive com open b u liars fuck too bad they ll never go to space never did either how much did the backers pay that fake where s the landing all you say is true you consider the number of failures that with the number of failures in government funded projects then he has had less also developed faster than they t also a cheaper thumbs up to you both you see the object coming in from the right at very high speed just before she blew looks like i feel like really hates musk i still think that space the is too smart to be pioneers pioneers always will be the who willing to throw away everything the sake of potential success it s just easy to find rich people willing to throw their money at rockets it was to find people willing to march into uncharted lands i however think that there should be safety regulations keeping the astronauts inside from dying to problems out of their control one should have to die after being repeatedly assured that nothing will go wrong you should that everything will go wrong still have a backup also this was clearly caused by just like warming i would like to know your today after they reuse a rocket a made successful more exploded because karma t work in used why does it explode so easy to explain a disaster after the fact did you think of o well the is a good standby i would not back to pad musk the fraud what the you about they get to orbit way recover your first when did piss in your cereal have to make a video debunk your own video the problem which caused this was not one that has been previously solved in fact it was caused by s of propellants built into the lox something never done before since the helium were below the freezing of oxygen the carbon is permeable by lox formed between the the internal lining then when more helium was added to the of the procedure the against the buildup of led to breakage between the carbon to this enough energy was created to ignite the carbon with the oxygen the liner ruptured the lox over therefore mixing the creating a fireball although i your criticism new like these lead to never seen before so i t believe this was to s i understand that this video was made before any definite of the failure was determined i t think you should have jumped to such quick at least it something cool to look at a something to look at whatever basic v i n electric company hydro we dams duh did a presentation at my elementary school when i was a kid they had two electric rods they said this is what flesh smells like when its fire a them they fucking burnt to a crisp it filled the trailer with black smoke it stank like burning hair got the through they did it every class i know i cant them doing that now it was only like years the fuck guy is so pessimistic he said in video that space x has never relaunched a falcon in a bid to prove that what space x is doing is worthless nothing better compared to traditional approach he has been proven wrong a falcon has been reused thank god there have been successful space flights before he was born otherwise he wold have said thing like this is never going to work u a bomb whats the l stay earth this is similar to what he is saying about hyper loop well i know it has many potential faults t resolving advancing the technology been the of human he talks like a know everything god which he clearly t better stay to you instead of doing senseless commentary rocket very thanks flat earth believe fake balloons fish eye lenses flat earth i am so tired of seeing these perfect landings that my heart yearns a big landing fail i hope one day with all the amazing technology we buy them they can a video from ground to the i would also like a telescope that i can see the with without it looking like a hologram i would also hope in the our technology will either in our earth not because i noticed this even w older biggest wish of all is to moving the civilian space travel it makes think it will never happen they changed the times that i know of i m it s been more i know most the world is in the same where i come from it s called lying sacks of shit at work yet again poo i missed only video where the ads more entertaining than the video what a waste of time unbelievable their adults in the world who think the earth is flat humans never cease to amaze with there stupidity wow knee deep in troll turd so soon you not fooling anyone blimps in space also die was cowards smell the earth is flat with a such they have to watch the rocket blimp t get blown over research the flat earth what kind of flying monkey believes this mind control bullshit wow what the heck is that downs must all work space flight insider i this is the third booster to be return to i think the first one during the day light hours with that in mind will there be any opportunity the media to go out to landing view photograph the landed booster response some one from our media team may be able to answer that i have the answer to that by watching this video all the errors one would their ability to launch anything into orbit will be flying with autonomous flight safety system primary this instead of being secondary quotes in developing its reusable rocket the only to brought a rocket back from space flying it to earth at that velocity the rocket booster is in fact a steering itself back to earth without help from anyone else its internal computers how many times falcon can be re used with how much space x bringing back the burn nice that was fantastic now i hope that companies like space x will finally take back to the moon it is not often talked about the best reason really to go to the moon first is because the moon could actually become earth s life boat a undetected like the one that wiped out the dinosaurs of years ago happened to be a with the earth we t detect it time we t able to it of humans the moon storing of seeds technology may very well the only way we can save humanity from this event ever comes to pass another launch i been waiting months love love them so we in war again hay feeling may god bless happen next where is berthing did they send it up then keep it up about then send it back down s what is that thing moving whats that thing moving in the left side d fum e r d l anti from musk team i can a landing the pacific would be much than the i t have all the answers because i have my personal about him too that does not mean he does not watched the launch from my house about north of the launch it was so silent compared to the v launches good i m a big enthusiast who lives in southern would love a of is it that is amazing good you guys doing tremendous work this launch was very it dropped off iridium the is to have a of when the is complete next gen have other things ads b transmitters that allow to track aircraft without the of in areas that now have coverage like near the ocean the is supposed to be complete around the that was lost in the ocean that was never found had ads b transponders it it were year so we would have known exactly where it crashed in the ocean within accuracy of a few feet tuck your in why is there of small huts meters from the of a huge rocket launching in to space they would be incinerated wonderfully well done space time i see the first i tear u this is obviously fraud can any one tell what past the booster coming back down there black things in the sky seems to be way above the clouds birds t fly that t bother trying to logic reason with those flat tin foil hat guys every fact produced they ll say was made up they know it to be true every scientist you produce they ll say is some payroll to spread false they all have the same need to feel like they re among the elite few who can see through all the really t bother it ll just make you frustrated falcon s to h in the accelerates times faster go humans i wish tech could make have powers powers like that t proof i t know what would be hilarious to see i ever became astronaut someone called a at a conference i told them i t know what this is my have done so much foil falling off not effected by the atmosphere the atmosphere destroys comets meteors per day the were not effected by heat untouched the cameras worked through the whole reentry not effected by heat lost at any time all lunar operations had to atmosphere heat hot volcano com video engineer admits they cant get past belts atmosphere heat was mentioned reentry of the atmosphere a field of highly dangerous not even mentioned all lunar operations mentioned the atmosphere being extremely dangerous not even mentioned tin foil observed around all mechanics of space ship actually falling off in space speed of pencil like craft extremely unstable descending with at all just fast graphics looking blobs doing zero to a at speed some of blob flies past to steer a craft of this size speed the stabilisers would have to be permanently the landing was simply appalling possibly one of the most obvious ever produced when a becomes to easy to be told then how can there be wee people this good luck this is so beautiful i swear i love this stuff it amazes so much great staged stuff can t believe people still think this shit is done cameras the ground when the falcon landed perfect landing wow it s amazing inspiring space this never gets old would think that more then one camera view can be used why just have one camera showing only engine what they oohing at then they applaud at what happened then shortly after they announce first feed is lost after i t know why so many people saying this was fake few though was the speedometer broke was it a manned rocket what was the purpose of this suck that flat what it look s fake f u c k where it was there landing biggest joke ever damn look how smooth that was i cant even my feet inside my sandals perfectly first try getting out of bed video falcon launch landing be f list x still cant understand the physics of how a rocket lands after it takes off it just seem with all the thrust control i see any side to help it stay upright while landing then not a rocket engineer nor am i pretending to be one i m reminded of those s sci rockets that took off landed a single engine the reality is getting closer incredible love when we get video of the closer ups awesome achievements prefect landing s see that the child ask these guys too good great space x this is incredible to watch wow go fascinates the most is the fact that s competitors never thought about reusing their rockets who s your daddy why all the hi res shots starting around still i can loan them my cell they want better video than that starting at technology never think about it how come this not the kid true please third party spotter footage even though i d love to believe it i t like the way it is shown it just has a funny smell to it the applause is pathetic please proof it is fake was the board camera a flip all this technology this is what we re presented with feed comes back the rocket is sitting there indoctrinated cheer wildly like a just happened in of them you s unquestioning obedience is what the coming will be built upon this is pretty cool taking a rocket that has landed itself already using it again it successfully landing again give it another decade this will be very common flights to space will be much cheaper cut off fake can they that off not hook up a not yelling out fake not at all how hard can it be to keep a video feed from a floating however should developing spaceship can be used thousand times not with rocket com aircraft the next generation spaceship last night to i have a camera in my bedroom it has disconnected from the strong shaking of the bed you must believe my word it of going at that day may there be many more in the upcoming years seriously though why does the camera go black the only i really wanted to see that is very disappointing there is a going nearby they explained that the extreme at landing interferes with the link you think this is fake you a conspiracy just in the way of human progress to the people who say this is faked your own birth was faked did i just watch did not see a landing to see a landing is trolling i like see pony up another a rd launch supposedly ii ll be waiting you think before you write s engineers worked these things in the s nothing new here even has a times more computing power these rockets still failed out of times lets see him reuse that same rocket a third time you know how much it cost him the time about x times a new one a rd time will cost x times more that one showboat bankrupt him alone go it so fucking fake they have years about going to space the technology what be in life it s just appear like that more cameras next so many out here thinking this is fake is right to escape to earth is doomed already with this many out there in the space space garbage starts hitting the camera can someone please explain this away can falcon hold s funny how the camera is either covered with debris glitches out when it gets to any real shots that landing was fake turn the ground camera up watch it come in why t you wake up this is a helium balloon shot up over the ocean then it cuts to the famous fish eye lens some will awake many will not they think they spin mph a wet ball hurtling additional mph through infinite space just the rich using your tax to have a phallic circle a laugh at you all how much these launches cost musk tired of seeing of the st really is amazing it has launch reentry capability even though it is smaller than most rockets like all fake videos this one is different having started with some credibility the rocket then the fake spinning ball in the background so the is exposed what is very sad though is the number of who believe this horse shit that the footage of the fake spinning ball is somehow real dipsticks you one of the fools who think the spinning ball is real mastering space is s destiny so so exciting this is they switched to people still buy those preposterous those rockets not go anywhere they dumped back down to the ocean why did the enormous smoke emission it left the ground why is landing a booster any better than this old tried method solid rocket boosters edit space shuttle solid rocket solid rocket boosters each provided kn of thrust at liftoff which was of the thrust at liftoff the were jettisoned two after launch at a height of about ft then deployed landed in the ocean to be recovered the were made of steel about inch thick the solid rocket boosters were re used many times the casing used in i engine testing in consisted of motor that had been flown collectively shuttle including wow what landing is poorly conceived smoke mirrors trick better you think space x would attach a cameras the rocket to make this video actually interesting instead we get the usual bogus camera shots seen better from weather balloons what a suitable name this contraption the vacuum engine a legend which has entertained you with its wizardry now everyone has a hard musk people have a way within the last century you think we would have been pretty situated established in the of space by now after all we went to the moon in yet we still doing petty experiments that should have been done ago with the first of space i guess taking a pimped out rover to the moon to pick up some moon sluts playing the moon was more than doing actual extending the prosperity of human kind you want to believe that garbage call people disagreeing to believe such a thing t worry guys soon we get all these flat earth fuckers such thing space people can go fuck themselves the looks like it were played backwards to to watch this is a of earth is h speed of falcon is h so earth is moving times faster than rocket is still the same video what happened it was in space at then all of a sudden it landed screen goes dark rocket has magically appeared the pad smoke burn the pad just magic nice playback of a launch even the waves appear to be going backwards people actually buying this shit landing seen from be list x amazing not hater landing of video really looks fake like computer made maybe whatever it s look like a more space from a dumb person how did they send a white rocket it returns with its tail grey did they have rockets our maybe it was a re entry effect that left this perfect grey like a painting another dumb why they a of to hold the rocket its launching landing it t need anything they have a really big magnet underneath sorry any mistakes it s not my mother tongue to see the whole duration without all the cuts that i cannot believe fix making movies they we awake now you liars still say they re hiding something they typically release more video of complete landing few days after the fact where is the additional video this is fake its funny these incredibly camera of cutting hopping between cameras fake this is what we get when we a billionaire play space program why in is there still real of the earth a planet it s because it s you filthy filthy start still complete landing videos i can t find any what a crock of fake shit there always edits jump cuts in this of footage i d like to see uninterrupted continuous hour footage of a launch from the ground into orbit that footage does not exist will never exist because this is all obvious by now we should have vast of hour space travel footage yes all we get these fifteen heavily edited videos why t there booster assembly to weight also blast is misused falcon lifted the with controlled thrust yup time to play some program 