 All of these issues are understandable, from both sides of the gun argument, but the fact remains that there are better things to devote your life to, to have "visions" about, than firearms. Me? I don't have a horse in this race. My indifference is sealed. I just buy my popcorn, and take my front row seat at the Circus show.Cody Wilson is a child.Cool, I'm 12 and I'm gonna print a gun. My dad bought a 3D print 2 months agoDoes no one else see how scary this is? The fact that someone or 2 or more people can just print a firearm and use it and they aren't legally restricted? This may look great to people who are pro-gun, but it just seems like a bad idea to me.Had to stop at 1:09.  Sandy Hook is a hoax. Vice is propaganda.He needs to sell those magazinesI love how the liberal media always has to lie to prove a point that does not exist. an AR-15 was not used in the Sandy Hook massacre it was supposedly found in the Shooter car trunkI'm pretty sure there is no way to make a 100% plastic 3d printed gun. Considering That a metal AR 15 barrel can get blown up by shooting enough rounds.Kids can use guns legally in America so there's no point in saying they can use them but can't own them, it's like someone getting a drivers license but not being allowed to own a carPft, what a lunatic. I'll be honest, gun ownership is fine, I don't have an issue with it, but holy crap I like it when gun owners are trained and screened for mental health if not for their own safety. Just throwing more guns out there on the internet won't give people the training and precautions to make them responsible gun owners, it would put their lives at risk, that is my big concern with this.This guy seems kind of crazyWe need a update of thisWe should legalise nuclear weapons for civil liberty.Well if the Government would stop with all the bans people wouldn't have to do this.goodit is not the guns that are killing people its the person pulling the trigger and plus you can basically make a gun out of pretty much anything, also police are not personal body guards and people call police after what happens if you want to stop mass killings and murders you need to give people proper education on what is right and wrong to stop future murderers and make it harder for people to get unregistered guns also many people die from knife wielders and other weapons even punches so murders wont stop happening unless you have a more wider education spectrum that can tell the future generation what is right and wrongits easy to make firearms yourself, you can easily make a slamfire shotgun with only some pipes and nails and glue or welding.poor americans. atheism will take over your precious little jesus worshipping country ;) hitlers utopia will be installed by atheists on all human race ;)this is terrifying. absolutely terrifying. When people say "you can kill people with anything, like a spoon or a rope" those things have different intended uses. Guns are made to kill things and there is no reason that an average citizen needs to have one. It's disrespectful to be that apathetic about Sandy Hook and other similar shootings. These are events we should learn from. Guns are dangerous weapons that cause a lot of irreparable damage. Putting restrictions on guns doesn't blame the GUN, it makes the general public safer by keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous people."Ears, noses fingers."

What about...a penis?Can I Print Some Happiness?Can I print a nuclear weapon tho?Everything you want? 
I want a Lamborghini!!!FineI wonder if it in can replicate the molecular structure of goldI would make  the ester bunnys dick for my gay brother but no hate on gays now I'm straight but I use to be gayI'd print a 4D printerMake anything you want? Yeah, you just half to pay an arm and a leg to buy one and for the materials to print.That law student needs to stay at school for very long time.We are not far from creating a actual "Westworld".With this, china wouldn't have to make iPhones and other thingsall of them have buttcheeks lolcoolhello,friends

if you are interested in 3d printing, go to check our tevo printers:
https://www.aliexpress.com/item/2017-Popular-TEVO-Delta-Precise-DIY-3D-Printer-Kit-High-Speed-Big-Printing-Area-D340xH500mm-Smoothieware/32793209423.html?spm=2114.01010208.3.42.fTLcho&ws_ab_test=searchweb0_0,searchweb201602_2_10000073_10000077_10000074_10000167_10000175_10000069_10000068_10000062_10000063_10099_10000156_10000158_10096_10000056_10000059_10000097_10000094_10000090_10000091_10000147_10000144_10084_10000150_10083_10119_10000011_10080_10000153_10082_10081_10110_10111_10112_10113_10114_10000089_10000086_10000083_10000135_10000080_10078_10079_10073_10070_10000140_10122_10123_10120_10121_10126_10124_10066_10065_10068_10000132_10000033_119_10000030_10000126_10000026_10000129_10000023_10000123_432_10060_10062_10056_10055_10054_10059_10000120_10000020_10000117_10000013_10103_10102_10000114_10000016_10000111_10052_10053_10050_10107_10051_10106_10000101_10000100_10000104_10000045_10000108_10000191_10000197_10000179_10000042_10000039_10000036_10000187,searchweb201603_10,afswitch_1_afChannel,ppcSwitch_5,single_sort_2_default&btsid=38830b64-e7ce-432f-ae5b-678ec9498929&algo_expid=0d70d69b-d620-49ab-89f7-ba35601d3a7e-5&algo_pvid=0d70d69b-d620-49ab-89f7-ba35601d3a7eit can make a pushy too?it real hard to make a 3d print gun because you need to have the right itemthe first thing I'd make is a BIG pair of tits"as I mentioned"Can someone tell me if they use light and oxygen? or Just light..Drink whenever light or oxygen is mentioned. You win if you're alive at the end.I've already got light and oxygen in my house all I need is resin and I'll be good to go.It's annoying the way these kinds of people talk. 3D printing is cool, just don't get people with annoying voices to talk about it. They use what I call "internet-safe intonations". I hate that soundLooks like they hired a salesmanOxygen and light?, so you have to turn on the lights and breath?So how does it work?Sure this is cool but I wanted a printer that could use light and oxygen. I'd also prefer mediocre engineers to make it.This a revolutionary product, these guys will shit money soon and he knows it, just look at him looks like he has won the lottery.You can't just buy this printer. 3 year subscription service will cost you USD $161,250. Subscription. Service.basically we are coming out with technology to replace those pesky humans omg just say it brocool printer, idiot pr guy. give me a engineer to tell me how it works. this guy is clueless.one big hicky on him I couldn't look awayright, right. right. R-- right. right.


right. right. Uh.. right. correct. right. right. So we're controlling the oxygen using chemistry.
right. Correct. right, right.the guy explaining it just keeps saying the same thing.this guy is try-harding so much to make people buy this thing
which makes me think it's not as great as he says it is
so 16 minutes of printing sure
but then he said there's a next stage where the printed part is being rinsed and cooked in an oven?
gee, wonder how long that would taketo make these really great partsvideo is a mess. only sound works"building the future today" fuck you.24 hours? Can i buy this house with Amazon Prime?Aloha Apis Cor! Congratulation for your Magnificent 3D Printed House! It is Gorgeous! A truly AFFORDABLE (10,000 US dollars) COOL Tiny House for ALL on Earth! May we CO-CREATE Gorgeous Intentional Communities/Eco-Villages, for a NEW Earth, with these AMAZING 3D Printed Tiny Homes! We are Beings made of Light, Sound, and Color, Radiating LOVE throughout Creation's Multiverse! Namaste, Peace, & Love to ALL on Earth! We are ONE, Always & Forever Eternal!And main sponsor is SAMSUNGDunno if this would fly in California, earthquake standards etc. I noted the horizontal reinforcement, I didn't see any vertical ones, not that it would be impossible, just curious if it would pass our current building codes. I'm also curious about how the electrical and plumbing is put in, they didn't show that - it's obviously​ there. With a smaller structure you would need central air (a requirement in some areas) which is nice, and in some areas residential sprinklers are required.Just imagine a suburb full of these homes! People would save so much money! I can picture the countrysides being filled up these homes!So there is an investor with land who will print 20-50 houses on this land. So the costs for the land + the printer are low for each buyer. I would be in.Sounds like any other Russian job - quick, amazing and nobody knows why.The color looked better before they panted it...This is ultra cool!Very Very cool .WOW!!!! Bring it on!!!!!Where do I sign? I fully support this effort, I'm willing to buy one today. Fuck California.Wonder what it would cost for the equipment to start a business?Wow amazing! ....er wait! They started doing this in China in 2012how did they run the electrical?those fucking idiotsПик группа!для теплых стран нормально, а для нас утепление нормальное делать надо"It's time to crack the balls"Do you have any ideas for a 3d printer for a beginner that has fairly cheap and has pretty ok resolution?Heated Bed Set http://www.ebay.com/itm/162164605485?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649Hey there, I needed a 3d print design for my project. I saw yours and I was very impressed. With your kind permission, could you please send me the dimensions, blueprints, etc... for this design? Please let me know! Thank you!How can I make prints that have rotatable joints like this? I tried with something but it just gets stuck.I want that!Interesting video, but the music was really annoying. Thank god it ended early.Plastic this shit need print iron.Seemed pretty possible to meSo basically it is a set of ball bearings that work like crap because they are made out of jagged nasty plastic instead of metal.Vduvable.here is 3d scanner http://www.ebay.com/itm/162175483043?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649make airsoft size bbsmuy huenoomg! i did the same project as my final for drafting class! only i did it as a modular assembly. how did you calculate the radius for each concentric ring to have each ball flush while maintaining tolerance with out the printer fusing the plastics?sell those thats some alien shitwhat was your support settingswhat's so impossible?Amazing !!!!!!!But will it blend?Did she say "croncrete"Even if 3D Printing like this becomes commonplace, there will still be lots of work required by humans. Building the shell of any structure is generally a simple process.
Fitting these buildings with electric, wiring, insulation, and plumbing etc etc will require hands-on methods.I wonder if you had some sort of flap on the side of the nozzle hanging down if you could smooth the layer lines at the same time...MesmerizingNeato!NiceShould have it print out Air-crete instead so you can lift those heavy objects up. less weight, less concrete, more strength. Nice work =)UNBELIEVABLE!Well, the idea is pretty concrete...Where in the hell is masonry? Why did we throw away craftsmanship? Oh brave new world.Why is it called a "printer" if it spews concrete?borat "king of the castle king of the castle "fill the inside the walls with sand, or if not to costly more concreterebar?steel, who needs it?!, one eathquake and say good bye lol, nonetheless it's so coolthats one expensive and cool )))"Little things that make your life easier" - Shows picture of a car"epi-tome"???? wth1:30 I don't see what's wrong with the image, can someone help me?2:23 Talk to the script writer so that errors in pronunciation like this don't occur. It's eh-pi-to-mee.3:53 it's an extendable ear!4:08

ERROR IN MATRIX4:09 Narrator guy, you ok?A box that holds tampons is better than a dogs life being saved, 3D fucking pizza, a car? WtfAn ear is not an organ.Crimsons Coscrafts, lol
I wasnt expecting that, i got confused for a momentEpitome....HE SAID EPITOME!!!Please tell me how exactly a tampon dispenser is "Incredible". Also I'm sorry but nobody is going to wear those abominations of fashion. They will end up the same as all the rest of the "Fashion catwalk" idiocy. Filling someone's bank account with thousands of dollars only to be shoved in a walk in wardrobe never to be seen again.What are clootthhess!?You lostme at deep space travel lol shit ppl believehow does a 3D printer even work? if somebody told me about them 2 years ago i would have thought that was impossible. how do they create matter out of thin air?let ubee be a car company with 3d printed cars and eco friendlythose cars look pretty futuristic they can make them look cooluhhhh you forgot about the printable AR-15!why 17?you should have put in marshmellos helmet*SHES A FUCKING SYNTH*3D PRINT YO BIIIITCH!!!Can I buy a threesome with them both???Even though the title said prank it still got me.I need thisI'm getting vibes that this is fake......If this is real i will print a 3D clone of hatsune miku XD!It would be easier for my mom to take me to schoolLame.OMG, LOLOn the other side of the Atlantic, we have American "pranksters" who molest actors for views.both girls was real?cancerjajajaja NOkurva anyàd!!!!!!!!!so you're telling me the people getting "pranked" were that close to the camera but they didn't notice it until he pointed it out in the end? This is bullshit, everyone involved knew exactly what was going on.you are english? darn#spinshishat5:53 that hi fiveAnyone know what cam they use? please thanks Can you guys please buy a wind sock for your micHilarious I'm from Bozeman MT so I think it's so cool your from Red LodgePlease give me a fingerboard "Sooo, it's Aarondynamic???That moment Aaron Kyro almost drops a wheel of time reference.That particular gear set is referred to as a "Planetary".These guys should put all the "you make we skate it boards" on like a wall of fame or somethin :)They didn't bother to do a stress analysis and they're throwing around all these sciencey terms?anyone else think aron looks like a slothdose gabe even skate. cuz hes always around at first then bails at the endhe should've wrote braille in braillelmao 5:55love your vids and u got me into skateboarding and how is everyone doingthey should just call it you make it we break itwhat's the deal with jamba juice? sounds like a bunch of hippy teen chicksChallenge: Make a working clock. No buying a clock mechanism, any other Electronics are fine.Common Jerry
11:12 There are no bearings. Yeah, but planetary gears is like bearings thus there are no bearings
12:16 It is not transmission it is a reducer. And all you did is  just got the models onlineCould you build a clock?

It would be impressiveDoes anyone still use brims and skirts for their prints? Am I alone on this one? lolI don't own a 3d print and I like your vodeosI use a torch very very lightly and wave over part and string jut melt away instantly and looks great.Don't get close or part will melt.I'd recommend a needle file manIt looks like you are not actually using the planetary gear for anything, except maybe mounting. what was the purpose of this? the outer ring needt to turn one of the shafts, in or out, in order for this to gear the unit. i think you might be more accurate calling this a gear bearing, even though it looks like a planetary gear.It would be better to show the assamble proses in spite of just talking and showing nothing! 8 minute of talking without anything, and the assamble proses goes less than 30 seconds. Waste of time!Make a biginer printer vidioMake sure you get duster that doesnt have bitterant in it. That stuff gets everywhere as well as in the air ><Use a nail file!Very cool man! One step closer to building the nerdmobile.Very good video, as allways.On the other hand,  I was thinking in buyong a 3d printer for myself, but I see experimented people having trouble with theirs. Resolution issues, parts that bend while being printed, and lots of hours for each print job. I think I'll wait some more time until this technology evolves a little more. By now, Y think I'll continue using wood, plastic, and hand tools for my prototypes... Cheers.amazing!bin a fan sense you started enjoy your videos ceep up the great workhahaha 3000 rpm drill XD that's what a car engine makes at a little bit of throttleis it possible to 3d print a 25t servo spline or a servo horn?is that metelyou can get high off that stuff?And am on macAwesomeDo we even realize what this will do to world markets, how many people will go unemployed because of this technology? Things like 3d printing are accelerating the fall of capitalism.Don't drink the water from it.Filament Spool Holder http://www.ebay.com/itm/222354435647?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649Great ! Could you make a detail instruction of this printer including material, assembling,... like a project in http://www.instructables.com/          . Sorry for my bad english :)Hi @h2oreactor  
Will you share your this vase file whit us? :DI need one of these in my life!!!Let’s make stuff that’s actually useful with 3D Scanner http://www.ebay.com/itm/262792540965?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649Really nice build!That 3D printer is literally singing a song.When you play this video on 2x speed you will hear music made by the printer! :PYour 3D printer seems to be very musical.a nice 3d printer costing only $190.82 http://www.gearbest.com/3d-printers-3d-printer-kits/pp_337314.html?vip=158182could of used the vase settinghonestly I never knew 3d printers were real but this video was lit af bro.how many hours did it take to make this vase??nicewaaaw just waaaw amaziiingg ~you could print something more nice than this...what is that???3D printers have come a long way. Great video.4000 v 400 are you kidding...</
????I don't think this video is relevant anymoreI have I missed something? I have just bought a 3D printer and all I can see is that it makes things I could get out of a cheap Christmas cracker, takes hours to make it and costs me hundreds of dollarsI have the same headsetI'm actually glad you showed us the frustrations of chinese printers so I have an idea of what to look for lolOwe a AnetA8+ modified with printed parts and it turns out well  like the Ultimaker, but price is 15 times lower :D (Auto -Bed leveling can be assembled too)THOSE ARE BOTH SO OVERPRICED!!! I GOT AN ANET A8 THAT IS TWICE AS GOOD AS THE 400$ ONE AND ONLY COST ME 150$!!!!The hands are from the rear seats up.Ultmaker 2 costs $2000 not $4000 idiots
(I know it was for the clickbait )You got scammed with your 3D printeri live in the netherlands.in what country do you liveis a $185 3-D printer worth it?no good test no same objectok, I have a 200 dollar anet a8 and I can get equaly good results as the ultimaker pictured here. spent 0 dollars on print quality upgrades. just a few printed ones.thats 400$!!? wow "Ive had fun...it sucked and i didnt enjoy it"? watultimaker dude got ripped... why would you get that? You dont look 80 years old.what are the settings you used for the diy 3d Printer?y Nerf ? seems like shit ?Acetone is easy to get.  You don't have to get it from a chemist.  I can go and buy a gallon and be back in an hour or less with it if I needed it.  Go to Homedepot, Lowes or even Walmart sometimes has it.  Some hardware stores may even have it.  If none of those places have it, brake parts cleaner from an auto parts store is mostly acetone or even 100% depending on the brand.  Most of them (here in the USA) are labeled with all of the ingredients but maybe without the quantity added to the list.Can you say something in pl?Do you think if you mixed it with water you could use an airbrush tool?Good job Matt, Thank you.Good video man !!Great video. I think it can be done rather more simply though. I just use a Tupperware box and the same tissue method.Hello, I just bought an Anet A8, it prints its own improvements like a chain and tensioners for the bed and X axis and the prints are surprising, with that said I hope you put a little more content on 3d printer its a great tool to learn, thanks for your tips! big fan!Hi. I'm from POLAND ;)


I like your DIY Perks ;)Isn't the abs-acetone slurry basically diy abs juice? Now you will never have to buy that again!It was really click-bait because people think that they will have a 3D printer-like at home when the click on it...
A bit sad.Will this work on PLA?Will you please make a tutorial on how to make a GUITAR LOOPING PEDAL? please?WoW , this is just fantastic. Now i can finally print those nifty dropships for my minis line :D . BIG THANKS for this great tip :D .Wonderful.Your filmmaking skills are awesome!dip it in acetone for 5 sec -> x sec..way fasterif you can't find nail polish remover, you're looking in the wrong place.those protective gloves tho .. jesus.too bad ABS is shitwhats the background music?3d print a hash pipeAlot of dislikes here.DUCK HUNT!!Does that one shoot a 5.56 gDude your fucking setup though!God Bless you Jerry <3I like all of your attention to detail and facts. Awesome video, new subscriber gained!I was going to get an M&P15 but I got a DPMS Oracle, the only thing I didn't like was it didn't have a a2 front sight/gas block. it had a bulky gas block with a rail that was too big to throw my magpul sight on.It's more like Sky Blue rather than Navy Blue.Not gonna lie dude, you could be a little less sarcastic and a little more humble with your opinions about this. You specifically printed on a lower resolution which is part of the reason that the tolerances weren't up to par. Also, the reason printing a lower is so important is because it's the only part of the gun that requires a background check to purchase.Thank you for the common sense PSA about the alarmist medias hysteria over printed gun partsThere sure are a lot of comments about how to hijack a plane......This guy talks too much.Why would you use so much support material in the first place? There are great free slicers that let you choose your support structures.isn't this illegalthis guy tries to much to be funnyyour a dumbass the mag was backwards toyour soo fuckin lazyyyyy0:40 thingiverse link?  






:)100$ 3d scanner http://www.ebay.com/itm/162101889795?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649Can I made a wax headFirst Ever 3D Printable wheel bearing, CVT and electric motor .....https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fractalgears/fractal-gears-a-revolutionary-ideaGreat video.Awesome store too. What kind of hand scanner do you use and can it be used outdoors too?
Again, thanks.Here is Filament Spool Holder http://www.ebay.com/itm/291961532879?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649I have a plan to make 3 d food shop
3d photo shop from 3d printer
3d scanner
3d architecture print
3d print fashion nendroid with combination of face and clothes and dressI'm interested to buy 3 of this printer 
What's the contact information Now this is going to take away peoples jobs, and close down some manufacturing companies. OMG DUDE OMG OMG OMGO OMG THIS IS AMAZING BRO OMG OMG OMG OMG XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDThis invention has awaken my curiosity and made up my mind to create something myself.Wouldn't you know it.  One of the first things they printed was their own personal dildo.

:rolleyes:here is 3d scanner http://www.ebay.com/itm/182277229151?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649how this possible print without support?
And contact us please we require this onela bplease tell me the  cost of 3D printer in indiashit imagine printing a face mask of you as a kidsuper ..subbed this is the devils work, spoken of in all ancient religious texts and foreshadows the end of days. just kidding I'm really really bored and can't sleep.3D printers back in 1981 ??3d printer I bought cheaply here: http://ali.pub/xjeltBest thing printed yet is Superdraco rocket engines for Spacex Dragon 2Can I sell objects online made on a 3D printer.Can the links to these creations be added here?Cool, sounds like mass unemployment is on its way. Those printers better start printing money for all the people whose jobs they're taking.GO TO MY CHANNEL IF U SEE ROBOT MAKING :D GREETINGS!I hAve nO VoicE ModULatIon cOnTroL!I know its been a year but i had to speak my mind , 3d metal printing was out much sooner than the 3d printers we know today SLS vas invented in the 80s and was commercially available in the 2000.  
 You probably meant laser deposition welding  or something like that.I want one to make a 3D My Little PonyI was created by a 3-D Printer.Kk, thanks for the vid... And I subbed...Republic of Korea's first uv dlp 3d printer, High speed 3d printing, High resolution, Easy to use, Embedded system applications, Designed for comfort, >>> The name is "G Printer"
http://gooo3d.net/eng/You're telling me a boring little block shaped house beat a freaking jet engine? Wat?also add witch 3d printer you are using...https://youtu.be/nIO4HNNURFIif you have 2000 $ and matirials free stuff for lifelol I want that sand babel!   ... future is nowlook my fresh cool channelpop filter...... look into one
nice video thoughDamn you make this sound so boring...Do they take the paper rolls?Hey man really love the work! Keep it up!Hi Joel! Just wondering if you'd seen this coin sorter. Might work better than the round design you printed. https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:499177I don't know why but this guy pisses me offI guess it would work by making the slits a bit smaller...I love your rock slime in the background!  What's it printed with and on?I read the title as Corn Snorting...







Sorely disappointedI use a small steel brush to get my burs off. Works amazingly well if i do say so.It appears to me that all the side openings are the same width. I'm thinking that is why some of the coins popped out through those openings. Otherwise, it seems like a great concept.Thought this video was titled "coin snorting"Why can't I just 3d print coins?You sound like Markiplier! look it up on youtube!he's richer then I am XDman can work for Euros?this is the first 3d printing video i have stopped to watch for some reason, and all the lingo was horrifying but overall this was an interesting video :Dwhen I first looked I thought it said coin snorting lmaowhere are the loonies and twonnies and wtf are those brown coinsyou definitely have a incredible voice. who else agree with me.3d print your face in woodAt school, I actually printed a filament holder lol. Nice vid, barns.BARNACULESCan you stain it? Paint it? Is the 3D print susceptible to water? Can it be sealed?Hey b can you do some new vids on cheaper 3D printers.  ? For people with lower budgetsI wonder if it has the structural integrity of real wood, though.If it's made of wood it should float.  If it's a witch it will sink!It extrudes the same way metal extrudes. It's wood particles in a binder. .Next step: 3D print real carrots, potatoes, and apples!Printing with Wood << Stop watching and printing  gay porn...Some day they might have giant 3d printers that melt and extrude steal and they use them to make sky scrapersThe "wood filament" is mostly PLA, that's why it works!  The wood adds some strength but is mostly for color and texture.Why is he called barnaculesWow! This is great!WysjdYou are disgustingburn wodden 3d printed stuff!make it tinyplease stop FIDDLING with it!!!!!3D printed 3D printers3d printers have come a long way in a short le totally amazing stuff.Can I print out a gf?Her name is Megumi Igarashi: the one with the vagina artI came here for the p-pussyI have come for the3D printed vaginaI know what you were thinking: Put "vagina" in the title of your video and you're bound to get a lot of hits...Pelo buraco que ficou na vagina, essa japa é arrombada! Cadê os BR?She got in trouble for distributing dimensions for 3d printing her vagina because... It's wholly illegal to show vaginas in any shape or form in Japan. Ever see their porn? Dicks all over the place, but whenever a vagina is in the shot, it's all blurred. In my mind, it's little wonder why such a huge portion of their male population is extremely feminine, gay, or reclusive. In this day and age with so much sex in every aspect of cultures, criminalizing of vaginas unsurprisingly creates a vast male population which wants to stay away from vaginas.So manufacturing jobs are eventually gonna boil down to "hey, can you fix and operate a 3d printer? Neato. Have a job."So where is it illegal to 3d model you're vagina??THOOOOR!Talk about swimming in the pussy lol 2:57WOW! When he said "PRINTER OF THE WEEK"  I thought aliens were attacking me!What a great quick and informative video! Love the personality too, keep it up :)can u print a penis? hahahahahahaha!!!!its illegal to make art of your genitals? WHAT HAPPENED TO FREE COUNTRY?like this guy ^^nice video homeless Thorvigina152.813762:00 1337 favorites on the original gramiphone>thumbnail shows bass clef
>almost no bassAbout the "Bass" thing,
Couldn't someone mod it and do the "Bose" thing?
Basically roller coaster the tube from the phone to cover the infill area and thus lengthen the tube to increase bass/mid?
I don't personally have the cad skills, or a 3d printer to try it, So just a question/suggestion.
Good Video!Barnacules Nerdgasm i want to get a 3d printer for my birthday. i want to get anything that is a desent build size and bellow 1500 Singapore dollarsDUCKDUCKGOFirefoxGoogal CromeI use Google Grooming young children... it's the new browserI'm pretty sure everyone's favorite browser is chromeMan that music really reminds me of batman beyondMine is also google chrome!My favorite browser is Vivaldi or OperaMy favorite web browser is internet explorerPornThat printer makes such clean modelsear rapemy favorite search engine is porn-hubnearly 10% of viewers are unhappy, that's actually pretty bad.thingeverse is my favoriteBut can a 3d printer print another 3d printer?Can you 3d print love or a  human soul?Dude ! awesome review ! loved how you showed us all the little cool things u made so awesome!! Man all the Gopro mounts and Gopro mouth mounts i could make lol ... Subscribed to your channel  ! yewwwGood review, thank you! I have a need to make interior parts for an older vehicle I have. Does this have some sort of scan capability?  I have parts to duplicate, and broken parts I can print whole again...if I can scan them...I NEEDS!!!!!!I feel like amazon affiliate links should be counted as sponsorshops... its a revenue share in sales.I would like to see someone print out a rubix cubeI would very much like to see you do a vedio series on this printer. Simply because of your review I am searching for one nowI've been researching and you've sold me on this bad boy. Thanks for the review!Loved the video Mike! Thanks for making it!My screen went out on my Monoprice Select Mini. Currently waiting for my replacement. Besides that one problem the printer has worked fantastically!Thank you, didn't know about this type. Its looking great and price is best i think. Didn't seen any cheaper ones...That is fabulous.Thanks for showing.Too bad It is not available in Europe. That is, available without a 200 dollar shipping tag... :(diy is ezi can get a printer for like $25please do both videos!takes 1-2 months to ship apparently :/this has been around for a whileHard plasticI don't know why you wouldn't make this shoulder mounted and try to hit tank shaped targets.....I'd enjoy a keychainId also try using a thinner nail to pierce the Co2 give it a little more thrust time and less waste on beginning accelerationIsn't this more like a bullet than a rocket? Rockets don't need to let pressure build up in a chamber behind them.It would be interesting to see if you could achieve spin stabilization by  putting some twist in the fins.Nice dildos m8Slap a slow-mo camera at the end and film the rockets launching.THE  3D PRINT IS  WRONG THE CO2 I BOUGHT DOES THE FIT IN IT I BOUGHT THE CROSS MAN 12 GRAM CO2. SORRY FOR CAPS LOCK CAN U FIX THIS BY NEXT WEEK I HAVE A SCIECE FAIR IN ONE WEEK.That was great ,you should be thinking to make it go way faster!!!What goes up must come down...What's with the gay hipster music?You should hit someone in the balls with thatYou should totally do another keychain giveaway those things are rad!!!!!how do u  make the bolt and 3/4 in washer?imagine this with a flamable Gas and an enlighterthat orange rocket looks like carrots :)wowwwwyou just showed everyone how to build a zip gun....you should try and attach wings like a javelin rocket (Peter style) or a parachute.Dissolving=/=meltingDude your workspace looks like a boring old tool-infested dungeon, no offensive though. You should make it a little more attractive.Dude, amazing tips! Got a new subscriver - from Brazil!Great Tips and well presented Thank you.  BTW: has anyone told you that you look like Donny Osmond's son?His Style is the 90's.  This is no different than people stuck back in the 70's.  No hate from me.I really like your tips/tricks!
I just ordered a Anet A8 3d printer so I'm doing research on 3d printing, I don't actually have the printer yet, but by just watching this video you already answered some of my initial "questions".

And speaking of not using 3d printers as a novelty printer, since I ordered my printer I've already done research on different printing materials since I have at least 2 parts that broke this week and I figured I could try and print them :)

I think of the 3d printing as a fancy tool with loads of potential is you put your mind to it, and my god I already want mine to ship already!Is there any way to make something float (while connected to main object) when it is printed?Loving those connectors in number 10. Now I'm thinking geodesic domes!My First thought ten seconds in...
"It looks like Al Qaeda has this guy hostage in a cave and is forcing him to 3d print"Point two about the edges can be very easily avoided. Properly heating and cooling will improve prints drastically. 

So wait, a bit of glue or tape is overthinking it, yet acetone and abs isn't? You are increasing prep time and the amount of effort it takes to do a simple task.

Yes, let us all sand down and ruin our print beds. I'd rather not sand down my print bed to the point of needing to buy a replacement, no thanks.Thank you SO MUCH, the acetone trick helped me soo much with an old rapman printer I was trying to get to workThanks, really useful info. :)What type of potato are you filming with.business cards are way too thick, just use office paper (0.10 mm ) for levelingdude that was so f****** awesome. LOL I wasn't exactly sure how much good advice I would get due to how much the quality of YouTube videos Larry's and due to how many other videos I've already watched, but this really does help a lot. Just bought my first 3D printer and it's coming on Monday... So excited!omg on the thumbnil its a 3d printed roblox noobthumbs up dude
really information finally.very cool tips bro. helps a lot. thanks!yeah make a hole with sandpaper on your bed. sure the curve that will develop quickly because of you taking off some material wont effect quality of your printsHail to your cat lord !How is it that I am just now seeing this!I wish to turn my black cat into Toothless the Nightfury!!!I'm way late, but that would look on my cat batman lolIt really reminds me on Battlecat (Masters of the Universe)! He has also a pretty bad ass helmet!Now, you too, can have your own Battle Cat!Samurai hatSoon people will start making armor for homes XDWhat did you use to make it?Yay battle kittys!!!!! Even better than marenes!!!!!!cooooooooooolhard slap to the head..
[cleck]
the cat is dead...if you can make light weight body armor to protect cats from .22 caliber and dog bits it bet it would
do sellit looks like a leatherplease do one for your doggosrsly "FURever"that is coolthats Hemans tiger =)this is everything lol. so making this for our cat Chase who looks like your cat actually!Amazing.Damned cool model there.Do you think you could model and make a  modular 4.6L Ford V8 (like the one in the 99-04  Mustang?)Have you considered selling these small scale models to schools for training purposes?Hello I was curious do you have a training to go with itI want to buy that, name your price.?It said "fully working model" Survey says: THAT WAS A LIE!So, if I have the money in the future when internal combustion gets banned by crappy governments, I can torrent engine blocks.Thats Bad
assUse the printed parts to cast them in metalVery coolWhat 3D printer did you print this with?couldn't u use the individual components to make aluminum castings?? then u could insert iron sleeves, rings, and have an operational piecemakes just as much horsepower as the real thing.nice workthat's so cool!!aceptowhat's the dyno numbers?wouldn't combustion melt this thing?4:00 PIZZA!!!Bucher block or cut it out and make a computer cover or something..Cutting board....Geeks are so hot.Hey what kind of printer do you think would be best to start off with? Please include options that are cheap affordable and print quite well! Thank You!I do woodturnings and I wonder how well it'll turn (cut) on my lathe?   If you make a 1" x 1" x 6" block and turn something like a pen (or give it to someone who turns pens).I'm a little disappointed, I though you would try to make the plastic printable again, that would be really a great way to recycle it.IMPRESSIVE results indeedLooks like a Pollock painting lolMake a semi thick sheet into a cutting board.Maybe you can make the disk a little larger than your bowl to make sure that the whole bowl is completely covered in plastic and than you can cut the extra material away with your band saw :)You could make that sheet into a laptop case or skinYou should have put one bowl on the bottom then the plastic and then a bowl on top of the plastic so when it melts the top bowl falls with it and hopfully molds the plastic!You should try to use a hair dryer and make a bowl by slowly heating up the plastic disc on the outside of the metal bowl.You've made a new art stylei sure love eating freshly baked rainbow filament cakesend some of this to peter brownused garbage to make more garbage, good job! to bad you cant just remelt it into strands to reuse in the 3d printeryou should try 3d printing a fidget spinner, bearings and all+3D Printing Nerd
Probably should have heated the hair from the bottom and just let gravity do the work for you, starting with the back of the mane of course6:03 DID YOUR MOTHER NEVER TEACH YOU TO CUT AWAY FROM YOURSELF.At first I thought this dude was Markiplire lolC A B R I   S A N S   C O RGive me a buck for every time he says "sacrificial wall"How many weeks did you work on this?  Jams, miss feeds, warps, layer issues?If I had a dollar for each sacrificial wall said...If markiplier mad a child with jack septic eyeIt's bad hair day lion.Take a shot every time he says sacrificial wall.There are some issues on the Lion's rear end...This lion definitely has a heart.You sacrificed the sacrificial wallYou shouldn't be responsible for styling other's hair.You used the Large ion hair dryer to set the hair?i love the shirtmeth markipliersacrificialthis guy could be Markiplier's cousin hahay not just let it fall(the hair)0:09 im poppyAre any of the filament materials food safe (FDA food safe approved)?  thanksHave heard Carbon Content Filament, can your machine still works for this type of filament, or is your filament proprietary?Hello, I'm Poppy. Im Poppy Im Poppy ,Im Poppy ,Im Poppy ,Im Poppy ,Im Poppy ~~~How would i be able to strengthen an ABS print after its done?I wanna be able to do both.I would like to have a fully recyclable material that I can toss into a grinder/extruder that turns my waste back into ready-for-printing filament.Is the print quality of a 3D printer good enough to make things we can sell online?PLA comes from starch and is a non-toxic bio degradable material.  I don't understand why it isn't used for food packaging more.There's only one Poppy, That Poppy.Which one makes models that look better?You seem suspiciosly possitive to me .........
:Dbaah man 3000 euros for this thingbut you're not @thatPoppyhi im poppyi always see PLA almost sold out at the store and i see tons of ABS on the shelfim hearing that pla is better...poppy? thatpoppy?wow confusing!!!!03:57 "on accident"? Come on... "by accident"Believe it or not, it's still going to this dayFor a guy with such a basic knowledge in CAD the fact that you have such a large 3D printing channel is astounding.Have you tried using dry PVA glue on the ceramic bed? This could resolve the adhesion problem.Let's talk about thatNew drinking game. Every time he says "to this day" take a shot.Print a fidget spinerThis is BdoubleO that never got addicted to mine craftVideo starts at 4:00When the honorable mention takes up one Third of the video :pWhy does he remind me of markiplierYou have a kenmore fridge dont you?You should print the bendy one and then another case in hard plastic to go around it. That way you get shock protection and adhesion.Your awsomeYour hair looks like it's 3D printed...  real men don't work so hard.it is 2017
like if you agreeita 2017 nowsorry, that's probably second video od yours I've seen, but you look here like a pot smoker that fridge part is brilliant and so logical!!to this day..so spend 30+dollar forZ-Poxy PT-39 instead 2-3 dollar ( aceton) ?? seriously ??1 Never waste money on 30 min. Z-poxy... replace with Bob Smith Slow-Cure or Mid-Cure Epoxy 
2 Don't eyeball a epoxy mix.. replace with disposable epoxy mixing cups - 1:1 ratio
3:  Jumbo Popsicle stick  do not mix epoxy well at all... replace with Kids Craft skinny sticks stir vigorously,  feel slight heat from the chemical reaction.
4: Mentioned slightly- Wax/ Parchment paper is a must have.
5 Try Letting the epoxy sit for 10-20 mins before brushing any areas that are not horizontal. 
Those 4 things will ensure that the epoxy sets up in 30 minutes or less, and prevent runs; which in-turn helps first timer to resist the urge to touch the model while the epoxy dries.Cool ! Thanks !Could I do with this any epoxy(/UV?) resin with a long enough pot life?Did your print require any sanding, because my print has many crevices and I wouldn't be able to sand those areas.Does this work with PLA parts as well?Great tips!I like that countdownIsn't it faster to print at high resolution instead of waiting another 12 hours and messing around with toxic chemicals? I mean the UM can do 0.020mm...Might give this a try for an upcoming prop build, I'll let you know how it turns out. Thanks for the product review!Never take tech advice from a man with a Membrane Keyboard.The 30 minutes is the handling time you got before it starts hardening. the cure-time (till it is fully hardened) is much longer.This version is alot harder to do than acetone. Its not any safer. Its the same warning as acetoneWARNING>>>>>>>>>>>>>>WHEN YOU ARE USING ANY KIND OF RESINS A SPECIAL NON SMELY ONES USE CHEMICAL FILTERING MASK>  OTHER WAY YOU WILL DIE ON CANCE!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS EXTREMALY TOXIC SUBSTANCES. IF YOU DONT BELEVE ME READ IN INTERNET!While this work with PLAcalm down Barnacules...could also try automotive clearcoat (high solids), it has UV protector polymers in it that protects anything under it from UV damage (get what U pay for, so if you want the finish to last dont cheap out). you can run it through a spray gun or brush it on. It's a bit thinner than epoxy but has UV protector in it.thumbs upwell i see that someone already recomended the nitril gloves,i would also recomend a mask fumes are bad,and as explained already...doit in a well ventilated area gogles are also recomended,some people develop an alergic reaction to epoxy,just my two cents guys enjoy and be safeBossBuild a riviera boat you'll like it and make it into an rcCan you 3d print a picture of your face.Dude ure a genius I tried to make a rc airplane and I got it into the air but like 2minutes later I lost compleTe control and then the whole right wing detached and I think you know what happened after that I think I lost thrustI think you are very skilled at what you doI was wondering what you were doing at 1:13 and why? Great video!When are you doing part 2amenos que no EN TIENDO ENILGUES ME ANCANTA LAS TRA ASIONES :)awesome. try build a motorcyclebuy a heat gun! i cringe when you use a lighter on shrink tubes. :)hay Peter I recommend that you get a heated bed and a abs head. also there are a few really cool channels out there that show some cool 3d printing tips. nerdgasm has some videos and also James Bruton  has some sweet videos.i dont like how you spent so much time with modifying the boat after printing, this is not an efficient way of using 3d printers. more time in cad means much less time wasted tinkering afterwards, that lesson i learned the hard way through my projects.
apart from that it's a nice boat.like for younaizplease reply- what printer designer did u use?
can u make one fully done up (lol RTR) for...... 0-200 bucks? for me pleeeaaaasssseeeee hahasendthats a nice way to spot weld. i might have to try thatuse dual water jet.whats the mini camera  in boat? pleaseyou are an inspiration to me keep  doing what you are doing i am a big rc and inventer fan thanks for your inspiration to meAbout losing jobs to technology, someone still has to build the robots and machines...and there will be spin-offs like TV creating TV trays and TV dinners :)Absolute bullshit ... any cement based layers takes much longer to set.. yet again another clickbait video for promotion!!Go viral. Hey that's pretty goodI'm commenting right after seeing the video so certainly I am not fully appreciating all the ramifications, but I did just think of one. I feel like this tech could DRASTICALLY reduce foreign aid budgets, to the mutual benefit of senders and recipients.Super!!The evolution and speed tinkered a micro eco homes in demandI would make the construction a perfect party of my yourt_micro/mobile emoticons full flexibility for sustainable homes for x private and crew villages and permanent .housing..interchangeablehousing. Five and counting different markets in this smart and sustainably seasonalliy circulations in homes and true money earning when sharing with professionals on locationThe house may be easy to construct after a disaster but what about its tolerance during a disaster? The idea is great for prototypes but for actual housing it's ludicrous. It's a fire hazard and not at all economically efficient and is extremely subject to decay. Jobs aren't in jeopardy to something like this. Something like this is so weak that the big bad wolf could huff and puff and blow it all down.They should reassess their business model. They can get more business in renovations, repairs or cutting costs by laying foundations. This will work building small shops on busy streets in between other retail establishments. 

There is no need to pursue large structures yet. In the interim, this is a great tool for construction companies, trying to reduce costs in some areas but not all. Like I said, laying a foundation is perfect if the material is designed to withstand tolerances needed for a full build.Woah technologyWow. People really do not understand the breakthrough here. Smh. Old people lolYou can't even call that a house, its closer to a doghouse than it is to a house. And plus it still required alot more people working on it, and it probably uses alot of energy too plus the machine probably costs millions. It seems construction workers still have a job.cool video, very interestinggreat things for hobosi live in a poor area not very good housing in benton ill .bring it on .if we lived in a society where people didnt think about money only. This can be great to make quick temporary houses. for example after natural disaster or cor homles people or low cost housing for people with little income. But sadly this probably wouldnt be it.whats the material the crane is using to make the house?˙ʇuǝɯɯɯoɔ ǝɥʇ ǝʞıן 'sıɥʇ pɐǝɹ uɐɔ noʎ ɟı I don't think this would work on anything but a small skiff/ dinghy.Can you recommend a 3D printer? 
Don't pee on that electric fence.How about testing a CNC aluminum prop?  A good 5-Axis could spit out 15 of them in the time it takes to print just one of these plastic props.How awesome is New Zealand?I love me a good dick stainI think the carbon fiber broke because it caveated because it's what a lot of airplane propellers are made of. It could also have just been a really crapy carbon fiberIf you run another test, try in PETG.Is it possible to 3d print around metal inserts, for example an aluminum splined hub in skeleton form with the blades printed onto it!They are just wasting their time because the heat that comes through the prop from the engine will eventually melt no matter what they put down thereWhat that tells me is make a styrene model of the object then sand cast it with 6061 T6 aluminum.You cant print strong carbon fibre parts, its more like carbon powder with epoxy.also can you share print settings please ?cheapest 3D printers are about 55 dollarsdid you say you put a dick stain on it?disappointing to see the kill cord not being used, especially as you were testing props.how many hp is that motorin not holding at no presser , never work when you need it .polycarbonate requires a heated chamber, not just a heated bed..so I think you might want to try annealing the parts in the oven.650,000th SUB!!!!!!!!!!Can you run some blue lights through it,it would look awesome at night? thanks....love your vids and your planes in your store,i have bought a few and want more!.Can you tell me where to purchase the front main steerable supporting rod.  I can not find this part.  They call it a tube clutch.  ThanksDid you do any acetone smoothing on the 3D print?How big are the individual sections?How much you charge to build just the shell of this bird for me or do you do that i don't have a 3B printerI know its not 100% scale but your props are reversed.  A real P-38 has the descending blades outboard and the upward moving blade inboard tward the pilot.U bring the best too us thanks .When do we get to see the P47 fly?Wonder Woman's plane?Wow! Thats cool.beautiful plane!! I got to get one!do you know how impossible this is to print why do you think they had it sent 2 them I tried to print this for 30 days and could not do itdo you think that the anet a8 can print the parts? I'm looking into getting it, but want to make sure I can print these partsit has a scale stall speed of about 260mph....! not exactly a realistic flight experiencethat looks quite neatthats very coolwhat material is this made from? PLA?when will you get a real-size model 3d print?+Tech2C what 3d printer do you use?? pls answer?Great work ..love the improvement . Are you in Syd?
I have the same model and been doing some improvements ..Greetings! I am complete noob regarding 3d printers and yours seems to have fantastic results. I assume its prusa printer which I found to be the cheapest / best except for the need of upgrades. could you please guide me on where/which to purchase and which upgrades are necessary and optional? I would be very grateful :DI haven't used it myself but from what i have read POM/ Acetal (Polyoxymethylene) would work well. I think it is used in a lot of zippers. It is low friction and resilient to wear. Needs a heated chamber and bed from what I hear.I love seeing all these gears. I'm going to have to try these out once I get a printer.I made a gearbearing 1/8 of this (7x25mm) .. and I'm very surprise that it works fine ;)I want to take the time to thank you, your settings and explanation for them made my life much simpler. I just repaired a problem I was having with my new retraction causing jams. The was a gap between the top of the heat sink of my chinese "E3D", it made a gap between the 4mm teflon tube of my bowden and the heat brake causing warm plastic to bend on itself and jam. I drilled a 5mm hole through the top of the heatsink to allow my 4mm tubing to go in and mate directly. That combined with your settings and explanations, I am getting close to an authentic E3D hotend, the only thing remaining is that it is not a all metal hotend, but it is still very good for the common ABS and PLA. This bearing gear is what I aspire to have in quality. I think I had written you about a year ago, I had purchased an XYZprinting 3d printer, the quality was absolutely junk, I kept it for 2 days before returning(thank you New Egg for making that easy :) ) You had given me the confidence to build one for myself from scratch...My next part will be the gear bearing at .3mm tolerance, I feel confident I will get at least that in precision now. THANK YOU, and keep up the good work. I'll post after the part is done to say if I got it to crack, any advice on a good method? Drill to crack it? I'm on social assistance, this might change my life if I can produce decent parts for sale on ebay. Thank you! I feel accomplished, and I haven't felt that in a while.I'm astounded at the quality of your prints! I've been looking into getting a Prusa i3 with a E3D V6 hot end and after viewing images and reading things online I was expecting much less in terms of print quality from these machines! 

Were these printed from PLA or ABS? And which slicing program do you use? I've started playing with craftworks to get my head around the whole concept before I get a printer. (I have never used a 3d printer by the way but looking to getting into it all)

Thanks for the great video!Is the quality that this produces better (higher resolution) than say Makergear m2?
Where can I buy the pieces to make a 3d printer like this one, would it be cheaper than purchasing the M2?It would be really cool to make a fidget spinner with that gear bearing.Upgraded my Prusa i3 (Zonestar P802M) with a genuine E3D v6 lite bowden hotend and an auto level sensor, best upgrade ever!

http://www.thingiverse.com/make:196322Whats the cost of having things that size printed?Which 3d printer did you use for those gears?You should connect the bearings to the gear thingy so when ever u turn the crank the bearing movies XDYour videos are epic. I am looking at buying one of these. But when i look online. There are so many different looking models called I3 its impossible to know which one is which.


What is the max print area for this printer?great vidim blown away by the quality of your latter prints, and the prusa i3 is fairly inexpensive even with the modifications you made. 



i am definitively making one, unfortunately ill have to source the parts individually. do you think its suicidal for someone with no experience with these machines to do so?what do you think about the reprap printerswhy have you stopped ppostingyou just got a new sub. really cool video Keep up these things. I like the print and use type prints. anything you can take off the build plate and it have moving parts is crazy to think about.DOOOOOOOOOD.........Do any of the slicing softwares allow the user to define where the extruder/tool starts and ends. I have not found a way to do this with slic3rDoes cura got pause printing for e.g changing filamentI like to use repetier, because of the simple interface combined with slic3r's mass of settings which I occasionally take advantage of and I also like the print statistics breakdown that it gives. Plus its free.Makerbot its freeOne thing you really missed, opted not to show or forgot...how awful it is to move and orient the object/part in Simplify3D using their default movement tools.  It took me months to figure out until someone directed me to the Tools>Options> Tick box "Always show full 3d transform gizmo"Printa? Cura? Slica?  WtfSimplify3D did not work on my FlashForge Creator Pro. I contacted support and they gave me the runaround. The temps for the extruders never worked, although the platform did heat. After many emails I asked for a call and they refused. I am disputing the charge on my Credit Card.Simplify3D is actually $18 more than it cost to build my printer. I'll pass.Skeinforge has been recommended to me by other makers. However, the file I downloaded won't work alone. Apparently it's a source code for a host program and not an actual slicer, but I've been told the algorithms are great... I'm new to this. I've only been printing for 3 months. If anyone can break down Skeinforge for me that would be swell. I naturally did a web search, but the returns were confusing.The video was good but at the end you dont even say it...Very useful and helpful. I'm a newbie to 3D printing (but have been watching it for a few years). I hope to buy a 3D printer some time soon, so I am trying to learn all the software stuff first, as I always used to worry about not having a clue about it!What is the song in the intro?Yeah, all the waiting to realise that you used wrong settings and all the prints were failures.You forgot to point out that you can drag and do non vertical supports in craftware which I find very useful for stability and getting it just where I need it.does simplify 3d natively support a seemecnc rostok v3? my curren slicer updated and no longer suppers it.hey wanna play age of empires sometime?how to get me to not watch your channel again in 14 minutes or less... really though it's not cool to put the answer in another video, I am new to 3d printing and I was looking for the best software to use... I will not be tuning back in to watch the "next" video...what about Kisslicer?what about kisslicer??125 C ? for ABS?20*20MM rectangle
_rectangle_Can anyone subscribe to my YouTube channelCan u tell me which printer u use, seems like it works rly well. also, can u print a fallout  power armor?Can you speak a little faster????Fantastic tutorial.   Thank you for making this vid!I have my flow rate at 150 percent and it is still under extruding... I am using the anet a8I just got a clone E3d V6 for my Anet A8 and I feel like the quality went down. Mostly detail and visible layer lines. Any suggestions?I thought the narration was excellent. You gave just the information that was needed and not the waffle most people add. All we have to do is just watch it few times, which is the best way to learn something. Well done.OMGTOOFASTCANTKEEPUPANDHOLYCRAPITSTOOBLURRYTOPAUSEANDREADYOURSETTINGSOMG!Thanks for this great tutorial! This is helping out a lot!Thanks for this, was very useful. I was battling to get Verbatim PLA to print properly until now...Which Cura version are you using ?You cant print ABS at 120 degrees. You must have miscalculated.You talk so fast.amazing and helpfull video. good job m8does curing with acetone help with layer adhesion?most helpful video ive seen yet todayor a 3D printer shaped gun.slow down ! Im french I understand one word on 21:10 Asking a lawyer to make such vague claims is kinda pointless ;-)Copyright laws can be complete bullshit sometimes.Did I hear "Doobly Doo"?  lol  AvE / Bolter fan?I can see a system like Steam or Netflix for licensed and verified 3D-files for when it's absolutely crucial that the parts you're printing are up to specs, as in the example with the aeroplane. Stocking items is expensive as hell, but a 3D-printing shop with access to high end SLS machines can make things on demand. I might take a couple of days instead of waiting up to a few weeks for said parts to get shipped halfway across the world. It would also be better for the environment to manufacture things within a short distance from where they are to be used.I got two questions. 
I am a 3d model/zbrush artist. If i create a character that belong to another company, ex. Iron Man or Gambit etc and include it in my portfolio. Am i infringing on copyright? What if i don't claim the copyright to the character and make it clear that the property is owned by whichever company owns the copyright?I have been getting very interested in 3D printing but with the advent of regulation on some things and some designs being made illegal to even download what so ever, just makes me concerned about where 3D printing will go and how much more BS will go through then what had to be delt with when I grew up through before computers and seeing the whole slew of things that came up with computer technology and MP3s and other formats....I was on Thingivers, and one of the models said "For Commercial use, share like". Does that mean I can pint, and sell the item, as long as I Show a link to the original source?I'm glad someone finally made a user friendly video of this information. 
Lol our kids will be pirating lego setsIntellectual property is a beougeosi concept.It might break copyright but only for a short time before they were regulated via programming to only accept certain blueprints from certain sources. Sure there will be pirates still able to override and access copyrighted material for free, but the majority of people won't be breaking copyrights I don't think.Read Four Futures by Peter Frase who explores how Capitalism could exist with the Star Trek replicator technology. Interesting read, though firmly Socialist. (P.S. I'm firmly Socialist.)Thats going to be a build problem in the future for copyrightThey won't be able to control the copyright in the future.This is one of the things that could happen in the near future. 

I want to print a 1.5 meter high Finn statue. I order it from the company Modelopia. They pay nickelodeon something based on what their policy are on 3d printing. In this case, they want 10% of the total untaxed price the consumer spent on the product. Modelopia sends me an email back to update what the final price will be which was 1000 dollars, plus the cost for sending the item to my local post office. 

Maybe you don't like Finn that much, but would rather have Tommy Wisseau from The Room in your living room. Gonna be so much more simpler getting that statue now.Wait, I s he saying every non functional object created is copyrighted merely by being made? Even my stinkin third grade arts and crafts project?Why every 3d printing video explains what is 3d printer how it works and shit. we already know this shit shitYou wouldn't download a car!can you make all kind of stuff to sale 3d printerit is only a copyright violation if you are causing the owner a loss of revenue or if you claim it as your intellectual property.so.. if you download blueprints for a 3d printer, does that mean i could pirate a dildo?1:18 are those croxxxxxCung duocDon't have a 3D printer? Check out my latest review of the TEVO Tarantula 3D printer, it's only 200$: https://youtu.be/XIk-w5OSVh8Dude,  cool video!  Kepp cranken em' out!Hey you little motafoca (friendly way) you inspired me!!
I'll buy that printer.
A lot of greatings from Santigo, Chile.I made an entire robotic arm with 4 servos some nuts and bolts and 19 3d printed partsI see LEGO being in trouble.Increíble que máquina! Eres un expertoLiked the vidicon and items but what's the pointMore info on your solder air-filter please! What program are you using to design all these pieces?Why not out the locking mechanism on the inside?With The grabber you should put it a the end of a stickYou should put the first one inside the doorYou should try making a robotic arm as a really big project or somethinglol, that "transition"t 3:55 where you push the arms into the egg so it breaks. It isn't that strong!lool, one strong pull.....these are amazing but you need to make easier for every onewhy would you use the second one , it's exactly what hands do*immediately clicks on the video when i see the word furry**sees the word fabulous*
*sees the word furry* 

you have my full attentionA Hippie Lion Amazing work..!!Can I print this with pasta?Getting furry? WHAT?God this is so fucking awesome I'm so looking forward to have an actual job and stop being a fucking student and get a 3D printing machine dammit!!Looks mega cool!What 3D printer do you use?You *furry*fgtfunny how people will take the videos of others and not give any credit to those who made the exact same video first much like this guyim going to try one with a perm using a pencil and the hot water method instead of the heat gunim watching this while watching the prusa i3 MK2 3D PRINTER CLONE videois that yor glasses duplon ?thank you so much for the video ,I have been learning so much from your channellthe yellow ones hair look like noodlesvery intrestingСпасибо за это большое видео. Вы вдохновили меня, чтобы напечатать ту же модель. Я хочу, чтобы прическа podelitya способ моделирования. Просто залить кипятком гривы льва. После этого, вы можете положить гребень волос. #furry_lion3d scanner 100$ http://www.ebay.com/itm/222146210766?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649HORRIBLE... ¿AMAZING?I love these ideas and would like to know if more videos have been made like this. The cable strain relief would possibly need to be made of NinjaFlex because it's actually relocating the cable strain to an inch away from the gadget. Which is good, so in the future you can repair the cable away from the object and have slack to work with. Many extension cords have a soft rubber hose over where the end of the cord attaches to the cord. The rubber part bends a little, easing tension through that bend. Anywho sorry. I'm excited to print some of these. ^_^Nozzles contain lead, which deposits on the filament as it prints. Ingesting that is probably not a good. Cool ideas, thoughThat looks like the opposite of a cable strain relief...Well done. I hadn't seen any of these before. Please make more videos!hi grant my names also grant and i to have a 3d printing channle you should check it out!!!in 5 years his entire house will be light grey and plasticthe way you pegged in the tent made me cryAnd here i am.... thinking i finally decided for the Anet A6 and waiting to be on stock in Germany.......  DOUBTSAnet a8 o tarantula?Do anyone know a source to buy this printer from EU Warehouse?For me it's not how good it is. It's the large user group of owners and the improvements they've made and share on Thingiverse and Facebook. No matter how good a product is it doesn't help much when your alone in the dark with no answers.For the Anet A8 there is a thermostat problem with the heated bed. That's why they catch on fire often. The temperature will say 78 degrees, but it will be much hotter if you measure it using an infrared thermometer. This causes the firmware to keep dumping current into the bed, leading to melting of connectors, shorting of wires, and possibly fire.For the two fans did you suater (I don't exactly know how to spell that) them in. I would love to get this but I can't suater anything so I would love a way to do this without sautering! thanks.Hi everyone, I hope you are doing great! If you consider buying this printer there's numerous different versions you can choose from. In the review I use the "Standard Printer" for 198$. Find it here: http://bit.ly/2mSmAv5How did u connect the wires of the fans to the other wiresI like your review, in your experience witch one is the better printer to buy that print smooth and does not required much installation.I love that your solution to upgrading the 3d printer was printing them!Is this able to print Ninja flex without a MOD?What software do i need to start printing on this? I have never tried 3d printing before.. I have no idea what I need to get startedWould you recomend this printer as an upgrade from the Anet A8? Is it any better?You won a subscriber with this video! I really like how you "upgrade" your 3D printer with.. itself!! Really cool man! I like your others tutorial on how to make stuff! Keep it up I'm looking forward to your next videos!can you do a video on how to install the fans on this printer completely (like with the wiring and all that)? thanks for a response if given one!does anyone who has this printer notice if the x Gantry sags at all, I see there is only a z axis leadscrew on one side and I don't know how sturdy the printer ishow can this pulley crap be precise at allthe heads test wasnt the same size!what fan curves are u using for the turbo fans ?what is the difference between the cheapest version and the most expensive at $387 and do the 3d printed parts work on the expensive one11:46 It looks like you cut the heads off of four very sad stick figures. :(After I built my 3D printer and showed off a print in school, one of my first request was to print the guy gun.

I told him that wouldn't work, because you know it's plastic, but he said it was showed in the news.
I just walked away after that.Do you use masking tape on the heat bed? if so what type of tape is that?For drone parts, weight is a major factor and drones don't weigh very much. Even if it falls 10m the drone will probably break and the shoes would survive at 50% infill so personally I leave it at 25%. the reduced weight saves filament and flight time and I would still expect it to keep debris out of my motors.GuessHi i Need something 3D printer for this christmas or little over christmas IT is the City Of Atlantis from the Stargate Atlantis series My school i have a 3D printer but the teacher that has IT is so Busy + THX for the tutorialHow do you set to x and y axis acceleration?I Hess after the electric bill you'll be cryingI feel it bro, I have skills to repair almost everything(from smartphones to cars) and everyone asks me for help...I have a Dremel and Simplify3D and use Solidworks, I would be interested in touch up or ground up design ideas. Any and all material is held in extreme confidence. I get very good results with the S3D.I love youI sell my services to schoolmates XDI'm really new to 3d printing but if someone could just bear with me I would really appreciate it. How does the computer connect with the printer? Also if I am making my own and using the ramps 1.4 board do I need any code on the Arduino mega?    ThanksIs that masking tape on the bed?When weighting you forgot to put the Brim on the weight scale. It calculates the total amount of abs used. (including brim, raft and supports)

This is esecially interesting if you want to calculate eighter how much filament is left or if you plan to sell the parts based on weight/filament usedYou might want to reduce your acceleration setting in the printer's firmware. It looks like you have that rippling effect around the holes. Tweak XYJerk and Acceleration - I managed to get rid of rippling that way\C:\Users\TheBeast\do you or have you ever tried the sanding and vapor bath method? everyone says it smooths and bonds the plastic even further for particular filament just wondering what your take on it is.the weight would had been more accurate with the brim onwhich printer are you using??As someone who is just getting ready to get into 3D printing (And is brushing off 20-year old CAD skills), I sincerely appreciate the step-by-step of this process.  Might be a little too detailed for some folks, but this is a great example of identifying a need, figuring out a simple solution, and making it happen.  Thank you!Do you like this 3d printer thats in the video because I'm thinking of getting one is the quality of the print good, and strong thanksDude, Using a digital caliper is a much more precise and way more easier method.Excellent job, good to see practical uses for these printers instead of little models. Subscribed..Good video! But you printed it backwards! =PHaving seen this technique, I'm now curious if it is possible to do this with my Lulzbot Mini...I have the same printer as you and my glass cracked. How do I take it off, replace it with borosilicate glass, and recalibrate it?I've seen guys print with a void then sink a nut with a soldering irob.Really cool video!Right around 7:19 you brushed the extruder nozzle with something.  Why did you do that?  What type of brush is it?   [I don't have my printer yet - waiting for the i3 mk2]Thanks for the idea!!This is why I got a 3D printer, to print replacement parts.

Still not got my printers working properly, not enough time or space to have them on permanently, but at least I got them when I need them.Very nice demo. Where can I get a DaVinci printer and how much do they cost?  Have you use any other kind of printers? What cad software do you use.Very nice, but you should always make the part (what would seem) larger than what you intended because the plastic will contract as it cools. This is why the nut was tough to insert even though the CADed hole was larger than the nut. For this project it was probably a good thing as you wanted the nut to be secure, just for future reference though.Why sealing the nut inside? You could put it in and screw the bolt from the other side.excellent!!! i would love to be your apprentice in 3D printing jobs... :-)i hear you there i hate snow but love the moneyi hope that the nozzle of the smart extruder don't touch or hit the steel nut when i change to pause the extruder. I have to see very close to the model construction step by step (a little hard i think).talk about using a bazooka to kill an ant. why not just buy a wing nut for $1 at lowes.  or $2 at mcmastercarr doot coomyou are very clever!"51 cm, that's somewhere between 0 and 100 inches"

- 3D Printing Nerd, 2017"I have 5 holes..
in this"


hahahahahahah*I wish he uses USED toiletpaper!*A piece of unused toilet paper.. LolAny chance of a Gmax XT vs Raise3d N2+ vid coming plz?Dude, ain't no such thing as suction. It's the atmospheric pressure that pushing, not a vacuum that's pulling. ALWAYS. As you said: science is cool!Gravity is a theory and even if it were not your using the term incorrectly.Had to clarify it was unused toilet paper? :)If you put only one hole in the top and attach a pipe bowl, fill it with w/e herbs or tobacco you want, light it and let the bottom piece fall away but stop it before it separates, then remove the bowl and let the top go it'll shoot the smoke straight up. cool trippy gravity pipe.It looks like it's growing on cameraJoel, I think you should do some kind of a shoutout video where you show some 3d printing channels that don't have that many subscribers yet , such as XYZAidan, Print That Thing, Richard Horne, and so on. There are so many great 3d printing YouTube channels out there and I think that doing some kind of a shoutout video will really help them get more subscribers and also help other subscribers get to know other channels.Just put some holesSoooooo....
I saw this video and thought "I can't believe this guy copied Make Anything!"
I then looked in the description and saw that he gave credit
And then the video loaded and he said that the design was from Devin
My rage is now subsided
Great video by the wayYou're not worried about all those exposed rolls of filament?headphone warning: you might have to turn it up to hear the drilllol @ 1:13 - That's awesome, Joel!make a 3d printed houseneed to get a leaf blowernext time use a soldering iron to make your holes.  Quiter for video and you won't break the top.the slow one is more satisfyingAnyone who want a movie accurate deadpool lenses drop a comment I would sell it for 100$ . It's magneticAves KICKS ASS!!!! Great productCoooool verry cooooolDeadpool is coolDo you sell that mask?Hard like my gooseHi Jessy, 

Nice work. 

I have a question, what is that blue thing on the base's printer? for a better adhesion? 

thanks,May I know what 3D printer you use?Please for the love of god do Corvo Attanos mask from dishonored 1, you shouldn't do the second one because if you buy the collectors edition you can just modify that one and also because there are barely any quality builds of his mask from the first game and i would love to see someone pull it off really well.Please make a predator makes the same way you made the iron man one with the retracting backThey are a bit off a fidle to remove, nothing to grip.
So,  magnets to hold the eye pieces in, how about magnets to take them out?

With a strong magnet, just above the eye opening on the inside and a magnet glued to a small knob or handle to attract it and go a grip on the outside.Why cant you print the mask all together instead of printing the peaces and glue them together?Would u consider trying to make a Handsome Jack mask?You should make a Wolverine mask if you haven't already!do you sell them? because I don't have a 3d printerhey uncle jessy i was hoping you could help me out im trying to design a 3d deadpool mask and other masks for cosplay and one day selling so i was wondering if you had any 3d software that you think would be good for cosplay 3d modeling thankssend for me pleased.....this is a great spider man cosplay :()why not place a thin layer of steel on the inside of the eye components, and upgrade the magnets on the mask to something with a little more pull? that way instead of attaching two weak magnets together you instead of attaching magnet to the meter stripyh you are bk! your channel jas grow uncle! lmao3D print armoured vehicle it will withstand bullets if it a foot thick like metalCrossed your thumbs! You need to shoot your teacher!!Excellent video. Though, next time maybe say "bullet resistant" instead.Fantastic Video!  keep up the good work.  
I know this test was to test the individual filaments and not  try and print a bullet proof object.
 However I would love to see an attempt to make one.  My suggestion would be to use a dual extrusion so you could print bonded layers of ridged and flexible filaments, similar to how bullet proof glass is made.How expensive are fiber glass and kevlar filaments?I  like these kind of videos; unconventional but to the point.I made a suggestion in an earlier video on testing the toughness of 3D printed parts using something like a charpy test, I was not expecting anything as powerful as this! Also given the cost of those Markforged continuous fiber filaments, how much did those Kevlar parts cost to make?I wonder how a flexible materiel would perform in this test. Awesome video!!!I would be really interested to see how the test pucks would perform if they WERNT SOLID... and say 50 layers were solid, next 50 were 50% infil (and different type) and alternate (50solid-50infil-50solid-50infil, etc etc).
It MAY create almost like an ablative-armour effect where the energy of the bullet is bled off in layers and layers of armour are shed without the projectile achieving penetration...
Awesome work Tom! :DReally interesting, great videoThis will totally help scientists so they can use it in bulletproof jackets and stuff for the army :DTom went completely crazy this time! ;-)Very cool that a 20mm PLA disc can stop a 22. Hehe, GSP Expert :) Also, nice looking range, turning targets it looks like?WHERE IS NYLON????When does the Prusa Clone part 3 come outWish you would have also tested Polycarbonate and PEEK. Anyway, good video! ;)how did you trigger the rx100??use hatsan 125 4,5mm 395ms as a test air rifle, i found out it goes thrue thick wood (they also got a 5,5mm but its 5ms slower but hits much harder) and i stopped using lead pellets so i only shoots steel in plastic.what has 3d printing come to?yay with 3D printers you can  print  legos1 million dollard printer!!Aw, it's little baby ZeldaI saw this and i 3d printed this and i have all of the pieces but I have no idea what type of screws i should use.I think I'll just stick to buying a Pip-Boy mk iv. this looks like way too much work and a bit of money.If some 3D prints that I will pay them to send it to me I'm being dead seriousMuch better than collectioners edition )) That old rusty look is amazing !!!Thanks so much for making this video guys!The pip boy you get isn't weathered because it's been attached to a corpse for 200 yearsa really cool cosplay costume for you to show us how to make would be a valt suit made of a flight suit to go with the pip-boycan you make me one?does it have to be a zortraxhow does the losing mechanism for the iPhone work?it's good,but I like the collectors edition better.so all i have to do is download the files and print ?that is awesomewhat did you do for the words for the knobwhat did you do to get the window for the rads gauge and the radio frequency displays? Wondering because im going to make one of these myself and yours looks really good!what size for the iphone 6!?wondering if you would sell these. i will buy. amazing.you should have added pepper to the rust paint to give it a textureGMax size it!!!Great videoGreat video and interesting print! And I learned something! I will shurely print this.Huge menger spongeI printed one about a year ago but it didn't workIt works!!!! mine is 10cm height but it doesn't spill all the water u.u a little amount remains inside the coup.
Thanks for sharing!!!Kline bottles next plz! also love your videos!Love it!! Now print me a transparent Klein bottle cup.Mind. Blown. Thanks for this cool video, Joel, you sir, are awesome. #highfiveMore nerdy stuffTHE PUNS ARE SOOOOOOO CHEESEYThis cup is not good for very thirst and fat people.This is a great print & a great party prank! Great video!Very cool and I learn something new show more scientific stuff I like itWatching a video on Joel's channel.. Have an ad with Joel in it.. WhaaaatYessss please could you do more science videos I can't get enough of them!!!!Your shirt confuses me in so many levels...it would be cool to see a cross section of how it works maybe if you print it off a cross section version of the cupsooo it's a toilet cupwhy would  people  thumbs  down  this  video  dam haters they cannot  be pleased10:44AWESOM ! <3Although it is undeniable the scope of technological advancement in the medical field, it's ethics can definitely be argued. The public health crisis that Anthony talks about is real. Less and less people are donating organs and yet more people need them. The fact of the matter is that some organs can't be donated until we are deceased (but more on that later). 

So why should we be able to print organs and transplant them into patients? The main argument for this is that there would be no other way for patients to receive the organs that they need, and that artificially printing them will provide these opportunities. Second, this process also eliminates the probability of organ rejection that often occurs when we transplant organs into other bodies. 

So we have two strong arguments for printing organs, but seem people are uncomfortable with this idea. It is against their religious beliefs and goes against God to "put something unnatural in them" To these people I respect your beliefs but must ask you: Is your religion worth losing your life over? 

If so, I understand, but the question is valid to be asked. So instead, let's find more live donors of organs to give. Although this may seem hard at first, I believe the solution can be made easy. Instead of our current model of opt-in on organ donation when we register for driver's licenses, let's move towards a system of opting-out. This would create a great increase of organ donation, but still allow for people to make their own choices if they feel uncomfortable with organ donation.Amazing as it is. This is clearly extremely dangerous. The scientists are working hard for good moral reasons but eventually greedy  people will capitalise on this. They will make working clones or military clones (most likely both) and this could bring about a whole new type of dictatorship or even war. Either way we loseAmazing no god no prayersAnthony elaborates on the field of regenerative medicine; this is where specific materials are put into someone’s body and those materials will do the work themselves to help the patient get better. He explains that you can use biomaterials and the cells together to help the patient. Stem cell research is very controversial today, but these cells will only benefit the people it is used on. Stem cells can be used to create a new heart or anything that the person needs throughout their life. Anthony shows a video of a heart valve that is being used experimentally in some studied. This valve was made by scientists for the patient’s use. The valve will then be beneficial for the patient to be able to get better. Anthony’s explanation of 3-D printing is very interesting to me because it is a newer technology. The new printer that medical doctors are using 3-D prints on the person to help cure the patient. To most people this idea is very unethical since they are testing this on people as they learn more about the process. The thought of medical doctors printing a human kidney is a great idea. To be able to print an organ this large would be ideal since most people are in need of kidneys. Anthony states that the printer will take about seven hours to print the full kidney. Since the kidney can actually be used in experiments it will likely be beneficial to patients once the experiment is perfected. 3-D printing is very new to the medical field but I think over the years it will become very helpful and beneficial.Fake!I may need a new bladder one day due to IC, this gives me hope.I'm going to order a 3d printed Taylor Swift. She will be my wife. >:))Mind blowing :)Muy interesante. Muchas gracias.Obviously a victory for science. However, as we all know, when medical advancement meets physical need it factors in power & greed. Reinforces the present conspiring of filling prisons with a population of faceless people of color (in general), who will never be able to afford without subsidized programs, because they can't afford a good education now.So how long until we can print an entire person like in the Fifth Element?That guy look so sincere and kind :O.The 3d printer is the single greatest invention in human history.This guy needs to work on his presentation skills. I didn't know it was possible to say actually that many times in a sentence.This is how technology help people live longer....actually I really need itWatch "The island (2005)".just amazing!!! bro!!!!!!!!! =D congrats!!!!!"Ghost in the Shell" and "Neon Genesis Evangeline"  version 0.5As a nose/nostrils shape fetishist I just want this tech to repordue the hottt handsome noses/nostrils shaped ive wanted to fondle,caress, stroke, lick,suck, and playbite on.Bio-printing is great, but how long does the printed organ can survive ?
It would be medical/commercial ready if the printed organ can survive for more than few years.Can someone please explain to me what is the use of hydrogel when creating new cells or tissues in depth please? I am researching bioprinters for my showcase project.
Also, how do the cells that we have taken from the patient grow?Cells don't live on their own. Might want to go back in on the drawing board about sustaining Cell life first before moving to organ maintenance. 

Not saying it can't happen, but dreams usually take 20+ yrs. Its either you die discovering, or someone takes over.Cool!Did he Bio print his hair style!?IT'S VERY FEARFUL THING IN WAY THAT WE CAN POSSIBLY PRINT A ( HUMAN )Print Haley Reinhart, be well worth it. Print 2 think of the possiblities. What a world that would be.So could you print ebola ?The conservative party will do what ever they  can to prevent any real usage of such technology.. they are a stupid peopleThis is brilliant beyond belief just imagine in around 15/20/30 years time being able to cure blindness amongst other diseases. :)This is fantasticThis sounds like it would be great for burn victims. Plastic surgeons could use it to remove scars. The possibilities seem endless. I think it's all just a matter of time.VERY GOODWait WTFdoes this mean you can get replacement organs which otherwise could not of have been donated by other people because the body would reject them? 
because the printer uses cells of the patient right?so,this means that we will be able to get new organs and skin tissues?
In this case,we will never get old since we are able to replace the damaged parts over and over again.
Immortality during our life-time?
Tell me this is possible.
I will celebrate a week!the coolest thing i've seen in a while, considering this video was made more than 4 years ago :)very good viduo2:41 amazing spider man is unravelling before our very eyes3d列印終究只能列印單一細胞或是死細胞，人體器官由很多種細胞組成，而且做出來以後是要移植的，所以勢必要用需要的人的ips call去做出器官，所以想做器官用3D列印是wrong，應該用拚豆的方式，將不同的細胞一個一個慢慢拚起來，cell->tissue->organ 。Anyone else notice Patch Adams in the front row?Great job !Growing organs, even after watching this presentation, still seems pretty farfetched.  The only reason I say farfetched is because there is still great controversy over the use of stem cells. Although the development and implementation of this technology would help millions of people that are on waiting lists, most people do not find it ethical to use these cells.  I understand that the technology and methods of developing organs are advancing but for some of the organs (heart, liver, nerve and pancreas) require stem cells which I believe is delaying the advancement of growing organs.  Atala states that the stem cells preferred to use in these processes are the stem cells from amniotic fluid and the placenta, meaning after the child is born. The cells are not taken from a baby or even from a developing baby and could be a huge advancement in the medical world.  People need to have a better understanding of where these cells are coming from and the benefit the world could see from an advancement in this area.  I do like that Atala talks about how serious they take this research and that before an organ is introduced to a human host there are certain criteria that need to be met. I believe that this is one of the strongest points of this lecture and could be a huge selling point for people who disagree with growing organs.  I believe
 that if people have a better understanding of where these stem cells 
are coming from and they can see how many lives will be saved by growing organs we will be able to have larger advancements in this field of study.I have internal damage. Any rich person wanna give me a new stomach? Please?I think this is the next step in organ transplants, and I know there is still a lot of work to be done and a lot of research still needs to be done, but the fact that this is actually happening. Also, Anthony talks about how it takes a very long time to get the formula right, but once this is complete then the work can be done. It just amazes me how far we have come in medicine and I think it's a good thing that we are taking steps this far forward. I have also heard that scientists are making progress on being able to grow human organs in other animals such as pigs. I think this is another great idea but you have to be able to insert human stem cells in to the pig and watch it grow. For some reason when I think about this it makes me kind of nervous because I can just imagine a pig walking around with a human leg or something. So when watching this video I was very happy with the progress being made but also humbled at the same time knowing how much time and research is being put into it to make it happen. Either way, I think we need to take steps like this when we have the technology and research available because if we don't then I feel as if its just going to waste.I wanted to buy shares of one of those companies but..    So it's only the growing up of cells they have created. I was thinking they could figure out how the salamander regenerates and try to apply it, I would like to make it as on a computer to grow up an organ only by having the DNA information :).I'm very interested in your work Dr. Atala. Biomedical engineering at its finest.Im still waiting for my flying car promised 60 years ago.Its 2016. NOTHING CHANGED.This is my homeworkThis video is 7 years old at the time of writing and I know NOBODY and NO HOSPITAL that actually does that...  it's fabulous but it DOESN'T EXIST OUTSIDE OF UNIVERSITIES AND TED TALKS AND SCIENCE JOURNALS!  So as "fabulous" as it is, it is also WORTHLESS as long as it's not REAL IN THE REAL WORLD!Where do I buy the organ filament for my 3D printer?cool!find a way to 3dprint collagen while spraying different mix of cells that suit the needed organ ... problem solvedhe says ¨actually¨a lot actually.we are entering an age of miracles. whats the difference between bioengineering and bio-medical engineering Embryonic stem cell research is also extremely prone to catastrophic failure.  Outside a few gimmicks like growing ears on a rat or two, nothing has been achieved.I can spell with bio ink now, just cut my finger and blood does all the jobI got your point the last time too. Iirc there is no real freedom of expression. There are always things you cannot say (heck, you can't even sing the happy birthday song outdoors cos it's copyrighted). Doesn't the government deny some people their freedom of expression just because they don't like their behavior? So how come these people can be denied of their freedom of speech 'for the greater good', while others can't be denied the freedom of health care using the same logic?In a private situation, you'd have a point, but the idea is that you have a "right" to health care.  If you have a right to a service, that service cannot be denied just because the authorities that be don't like your behavior.  It would be like denying the freedom of expression to an American citizen.LMAONone of that is correct.  At all.  Requirements to have any product only drive up costs in every case, even outside of the health insurance agency.  Privatization of the insurance industry has only ever dropped prices, improved coverage and reduced waste in the industry overall (a la the car insurance industry).  Neat video, but you need to learn a thing or two about economics.Probably not, as I doubt one can transplant a new brain to replace one that it aged without killing the patient, but it would probably let us easily live over 100 years Right now it's in the early stages, but I am going to take a wild guess that 30 years from now this technology will be fairly common, but not perfected.  100 years from now and I am sure they will have it mastered. We've come a long way in a short period of time and it's very exciting that some day humans may live longer than we do now. I am sure only the rich will benefit, but still amazing nevertheless. So in 2075 when I'm 80 I can replace most of my organs with a younger version of my organs to live to 110? :DSomething tells me this technology will end up mostly printing bigger penises lol. Thank you for your time. I forgot to respond on time. 3-D printing is a footprint on the snow or sand, that real explorers will track. God, I'd love to see, even what's the beginning. What a future from that TOOL. Richard. Thanks.The fact of the matter is that society cannot treat everyone.  Economic scarcity is a fact of life and rationing entails even for readily available products.  The market rations by price (which attracts new competencies to the market, driving down prices), the govt rations however it likes which leads to inefficiencies, shortages and grossly inferior care.Yeah well, people like you exist. It's a sad fact we all have to accept sooner or later.Your life length is determined by your DNA replication rate, not by regrowing organs. As we get older, our DNA doesn't replicate as quickly.can you make a printer that prints food? like a banana? or at least a steak? you could sell the printer to omaha steaks and get more funding loldoes this give us the ability to basically render ourselves immortal?hi alien :) prepare for cyborg agenda in 2020ssurvival of the fittest still applies. who wants to live the most increases his own chances3D printing is so awsome its ridiculous.3d print a vagina?3d printed pizza would be coolA 3d printed brain built to perfectionA lot of cool things can be done with 3D printers. I can't wait to see how far this technology will go?Awesome I want 2 more arms!Broke my leg 6 years ago. The tibia recently healed after 13 surgeries, however my fibula was a lost cause. The doctors removed  a small peice to keep the broken ends from causing more pain from hitting each other. I wonder if they could print a complete fibula that would be awesome. One can only dream lol.Hello, I am a high school senior and I would like to have a career in medical 3D printing. What schools have the best programs for this? Any other help is appreciated.Information here is not precise, watch out what you beleive.Lets go 3d print me some new skin...










Estimated time: 6 hours........The idea of 3D printing body parts is something that is becoming more and more advanced. The ability to 3D print body parts can be very beneficial for many reasons, one being the economical efficiency. The cost of a  3D printed appendage is significantly cheaper than one that will be produced by a prosthetic company. With the cost of false limbs declining, it allows for the poorer side of the economy to gain access to something that they never had before. Something that also is beneficial to with the use of 3D printing of body parts is that the line for organ donors will be smaller yet again. So if you are in need of a hand and are placed on a waiting list, you may be on that list for years before being even considered. 3D printing allows for the process to go much faster and also allows for the patient to have a custom appendage that will better fit their body because it will be modeled after one that they currently already have. With the idea of 3D printing it allows for the patient to not have to go through the process of having a body casting and so on, when all that has to be done is a simple skane. The idea of 3D printing can also be utilized to even help surgeons better visualize what they are going to be facing. If undertaking a complicated heart surgery, one can just print a model of the patient's heart go through step by step to insure the best outcome of the surgery. Medicine has even utilized 3D printing today, like the talked about in this video. If there are already such a huge success of the technology behind 3D printing, then it should most definitely be continued and further advancedTransformed a cell into different kinds of form. Like the concept when properties of water into an ice thus solid, if it can be done to water why cant discover it.Vegetables are better than 3D Printed pizzaWhy all the hand gestures, we seen you the first fifty times. Cult members must be really proud of your hand gesturescan they make eagle wings for humansi bet some guys are gonna want to print bigger penises  i wonder how they print the entire organ , it has go so many complex layers  . .  and composition and design  .  how are they printing it .science is amazingwhat type of human dislake this??? already 35.... who you are? and why?沒字幕?"Bioink" is the sound I hear when I flick my doorstop."The Economist" had an article on a company planning to use 3-D printing of live cells to create custom-designed live pets. They quoted the company president as saying that pets were just initial proof-of-concept products for them, and their eventual products would be custom-designed boyfriends or girlfriends. They hoped to have these products by Valentines' Day, but if they couldn't meet this deadline customers would just have to wait until April 1. (Yep, the article was in an April Fools' Day issue of "The Economist"!9 inch dick finally! gonna live the pornstar lifeAh yes I've always wanted to play the Toccata and Fugue in D minor on the ISS. Oh wait...not those types of organs...Can we fuse the stem cells with vibranium?Hank, could you guys do a video on our current telescope technology and what improvements we hope to have in a decade, since you mentioned it?How round is round enough?How will cells know they are part of a liver not a pancreas ?Huh who needs REAL organs when you can have them custom madeI bet if we had replicators there would be a crazy organic movement talking about how awful the health effects of replicated food are and how real food should be grown in the soil.Is it bad that i paused the video just to hear Joey's World Tour "I'M BEAAAACK" for 12 minutes?Only if you know the cost of actually making and maintaining a live organ in space and transferring it back to earth. lol, genetic engineering on animals to clone organ sounds much more legit that this.So Hank's like "organs that will be perfect matches and can be produced on demand" and I'm like "I can have steak without any of the ecological consequences of cattle". Priorities. I need to work on them.There's a problem with the idea of the organ printing and moving it back to earth for a transplant.

How the fuck do you actually get it back to earth in time to replace for an individual if they're dying? -.-What's stopping scientists from trying to print organs in water, or similar inert fluid? Seems like they could get similar effects as weightlessness but much cheaper.Why not just grow them?

 why don't we do alien based telescopes (ones on planets like Mars Luna....couldnt we use hubble to explore the belt? i mean in scale the belt is only a couple millimeters away in hubbles eyethx for this awesomely ha bisky vid and i loved this so much and cant wait for more planets to be foundwhy not submerged the printing process in a "womb like environment", cut that whole space part outyou are talking so fast and sometimes I do not get the topic switch :/I hate spoiled kids( not this kid)firstgenious work..i wonder when will they make a fully functional organ just by hitting print on there PCwow, absolutely amazingBless you HappilyDayzed. I was born with a kidney defect, and while it only effected one kidney, I live in fear of the other kidney going at any moment. I wish you all the best, and only a happy outcome...in the very near future!If printing organs, skin, nerves, cells ect is possible - the possibility to produce even better organs would be next ones that dont fail, breakdown or deteriorate. Then its only a matter of time when people will be able to recreate their own bodies to such a degree where preventing death is possible... Print me a kidney so I can put the last 16 years on a dialysis machine behind me.... Please?SweeetThe ear looks a bit like paper mache. I wonder what it would look like if it had blood in it. (Probably pinker)

This is SO cool.Would it be possible to 3d print a human vagina or human penis? Using this system or better systems alike could change the ways of Sexual reassignment. if religion begin a break for our society , only will slow the process !! if we use our machines that we call '' brains''' we can do all ....... +1 inscritsick future for all human beingssoooooooooo can I print a boyfriend???wathc this - > watch?v=Tpy9NShieZg#2080 we will be immortalActuallyAs a medical entrepreneur, I hope that one day I will be part of the people that bring this kind of technology to Africa. It's amazing to see how much technology is moving and making real changes to people's lives. A big thank you to the people dedicating their lives to medical technology.I want them to make a printer that could actually print a human though blood, and other bodily fluids would be impossible to makeIt is brilliant, but at the same time scary, what's next? will they print real live human?It's all beautiful but these things only happen on YouTube, TED, science journals, universities, and never in hospitals, with people we know, you know...  actually go to TED and you'll find people back from 2011 talking about EXACTLY the same things, doing the same things... and people clap the same way... and now in 2017 we have new videos but people are still DYING because videos are not enough.Now there's something to invest inProbably going to cost a fortune.....That's amazing. My mom had a transplanted kidney, and though it kept her alive for awhile longer, there is the downside of having a suppressed immune system, because the body could still reject the organ. It was much better than having to rely on dialysis, that used to wipe her out. This is seriously wonderful and gives people other options unimaginable before. I hope this technology takes off faster so it can help more people quicker.This is amazing, but two questions come to mind.  First, he hasn't seen the doctor for ten years, but he is an full adult and was a kid when he got the transplant.  Doesn't he need something larger, more evolved ones.  Secondly, I guess they use their own cells to build it, but is it checked to make sure it is not malfunctioning. After all, it is still man made and organic at that, so you would think there will be some wear and tear.  Simply awesome and my hats off to these men.This is will be after loooooooooong time in hospital....Wow, this ink/3D made bladder is awesome idea. I am an CNC/Programmer machinist, for the advancements in technology excites me. The presentation of how the human body is scanned , then makes the kidney is awesome. Now, this would be a fulfilling job with that printer. Gives a new meaning to manufacturing. I think this is the future, not a fab.good work..next time please limit the clapping jesus.How far? We would go as much as we can. I think few ethical problems are specific to this technology.I love it!Please speed up this technology! My Grandpa needs thisTo get your message out learn how to #EngageDirectMeasure with #Call2ACTIONSymbols.  Add #Push2GO capability to all your PRINTED Materials.  

http://BudgetVideo4.BIZUhmm?   A rather weak presentation for TED.Well...amazing stuff. 3D printer is becoming an ultimate creation machine.not TED worthysimply excellent explaining about technologysimply superb...!...3D Bioprinting-Immortality (alive/synthetic)...your recorded Memory to the new body and...Immortality... Adult organism could has living parts, and synthetic parts inside not alive and resistant (nanotechnology), like bones...or vascular nets (arteries, veins, capillaries) made, e.g. with graphene?... Forever young with modified biological timers...which are the biological timers?, where are them?, how function them?, how can modify them for maintenance the hormone´s production, enzymes, cellular regeneration...all Eternity at same level of the 20 years old?... Have to accelerate the Investigation aboui Memory and the Space´s Colonization... Immortality it´s coming...3D Bioprinting...will arrive in time for us the Fantastic Voyage towards the Immortal Future?...5:42 what is that red liquid?Absolutely amazing :DBrilliant! I need a new ACL and some collagen inserts into my existing remaining knee ligaments.Could use a new liver, AMARIGHT!? LOL!Fall Out Boys visions coming true right before our eyes! Well done doctors, well done technology! Now how about we 3d print me some friends!!Great help for those with BBSI don't want to be immortal! There is way to much suffering and pain to deal with from self-centered, evil scumbag jerks on this planet.  I want to die one day and get away from all the idiots!!!!!!!I was thinking this also but on a nanotechnological scale. That is nanites working like organ printers.PraicahSounds too good to be true This is literally the stuff of science fiction coming true right before our eyes! I could totally imagine the idea of using machines to grow human tissue being the subject of some old, monochrome Twilight Zone episode XDWELP
Time to submit this as an add on to my history book :/WOW  AND WHAT ABOUT HAIR BECAUSE IM GOING BALDWhat the fuck, they growing organsYou could also make cyborgs, I think.how about use it to print out foie gras? and save million of goose from their misery?im dying of kidney disease. please hurry with this.what next create a clone0:29 what is that purple pink liquid?How about preventing diseases so this all becomes totally redundant? You'll never need a heart if you take care of your own.They already make hearts, kidneys, livers the have since last year!!!!They have spent Decades Keeping the Heart pumping, maybe in this century, they might keep the blood flowing to the brain, and then they will have all the time in the world, to repair any body issues!china did this firstdünyanın sonu geliyorHis comment about 3D printed guns was uncalled for, if anyone honestly thinks that that is an issue then your fears are misplaced.I love this kind of stuff. Just as soon as we get rid of ancient superstitions and belief in imaginary gods we will begin to truly evolve as human beings instead of genocidal killers.It's *'build', 'generate', replicate, etc not 'create', no new atoms are being formed.*  It's sad to see how many people can not even recall a 1/3 of their vocabulary (or just don't have it, being idiocra-cized), to actually use words that apply, rather than these false marketing word-ology.

Of course this is a much better alternative to becoming a cyborg, this technology will seem to be usually available to those who can afford it of course, because since being a Death(Health)-care system victim, this is not about helping people at the levels of where the top decisions are made, but rather how to monetize people needing the very organs they need to survive, for the industry only cares as much as it makes them money, billions, off of the suffering of people under the guise of 'new technology to help people', it's always sold like that, were it's more hype, than solutions for those in such situations.﻿

As for printing "Humans" (of apes which we are not), what does that mean that for the value of one's life? It's the very clear and loud then we are truly products, with no value but what we are valued with by those who have made merchandise of our flesh as Babylonian commerce products, non-living fictions.No more donors..no more gods...get the fuck outta here '-'Alcohol damages as well brain but you cannot replace it without killing person.Could somebody turn down the car chase music, so that I can hear about some awesome science please!?Finally. Something much better than iphone cover with turning gears or minecraft characters.FirstHi Mr. Chen :)I don't believe that people will be irresponsible, I mean sure some will at first. But once the insurance companies take control of the organ printing, it'll end up being that theres an "insentive" to get their insurance by offering one free organ replacement. 

The more ethical question to think of is when it comes to the human brain. We right now, do not fully understand it, but if we can bio-print a brain, will it still be that person?

The massive ethical question though, is when it comes down to the obvious. Who gets to decide who gets what organs?I like how they just ript a fan out of an old pc and just plonkt it on a biological hily advanced organ printer :3I like the technology... really amazing!! But honestly... for the last part...???... I would prefer to drink moderately than change liver every 5 years... come on...I love science it is so awesomeNah, im not a smoker or a boozer.. So im good :PScience is just too damn awesome.The Candyman can ... make you new organs :DThe last part is nonsense. Who would want to get cut open just to party hard.WHY IS THE MUSIC SO LOUD!? CAN YOU HEAR ME? HELLO??wait ahh...i will print you a new organ our printer jammed :pGOOD, FALUN GONG CULTS AND AROUND THE WORLD  NEED TO STOP LYING ABOUT CHINA ORGAN HARVESTINGI love thisI wonder how much a new organ costs.Organs on a Chip..facinatingCan have a my doctor...but ...a my doctor will be implanted vessels...if so...Guns, guns, guns get all the attention, but THIS is important.Hooooly shitI haven't been up to date on this, but i find it immensely interesting. The problem as far as I understand with 3d printing organs is recreating all the tissue varieties present in a human organ. The kidneys for example have countless capillaries, veins and arteries, as well as other tubes, shuttling blood and urea in and out of the organ. 

But beyond that the future seems bright! How lucky we are, especially us young people (I'm 28) to be alive at a time when human organs could be replaced cheaply and safely by printing an exact copy with your exact same tissues. 

But this brings to mind a potential problem. Tissues degrade because copying mechanisms have degraded. This means if you "recreate" an organ with the EXACT same cells, wouldn't this merely lead to the same issues that led to the need for an organ transplant? I imagine future society will offset this problem by taking tissue/blood samples early in life so that when problems do arise, such as cancer, those tissues could be turned to instead of the cells which have degraded enough to create cancer. I volunteer! replace my organs so I will be decades younger!They have already started it. They saved a babies life recently by replacing her windpipe with a 3D printed one making her able to breath. And the cured a man with kidney failure. Was the printer built with an arduino board?We are the immortal generation! You heard it first from Havoc Octavian Teslasmithamazing and exciting to glimpse in the future products of cross specializationanother thing to consider would be to make the organ stripped of its genetic information like they have done with rat hearts (hopefully it works with humans as well) so that you can have a blank template to insert the donors genetic information in so that there is no chance of rejection of the organ. that way you could also produce a surplus of organs that just need the donors genetic information inserted into it before transplanti long time ago , i saw something that i just recalled when they said something about the lack of oxygen  in the process . it was water that could be breathed , oxygen saturated . there was even a person submerged into it breathing nothing but the oxygen rich water . might this kind of water be useful in the process ?  just a thought .im glad they are having fun while doing this because things get done when people aren't boredwow. people like these, i love them.

imagine in the future you get the lifewrecking diagnose from your doctor: You have cancer.

Everything around you suddenly stops and has no meaning. Money, cars, clothes. Anything with economical value is just... obsolete. 

You start to think about what have you done in your life? How are you supposed to tell your family?

and then your thoughts get interrupted by your doctor sayin: chop chop time to replace your liver. HEY MIRANDA, PRINT A LIVER FOR ME!!!Angiogenesis is what and why?Can you print a 3D printer that can print another 3D printer?Ghost organs will probably be a secondary part to this.I hate how you're talking about animal testing while not inform about the cruelty animal testing is towards animals. When did humans become more valuable than any other species? Including mouses. You're mentioning an ear on a mouse as a "whoa, such a cool thing!" while instead you could've talk about how horribly awful animal testing is. Or at least just mentioned it.I have also worked on vascularised tissue. Strong outside, soft tubes outside. Size is the problem then. Very small and big in one part is not easy to combine. Speed was 6cm per day. Maybe we should combine 1000 small printers to print a complete part?I want to print a stake in the shape of a screaming Gordon Ramsey.I would 3D print, a Foot.I'd 3D print a brain and would then donate it to Donald Trump.I'd probably print something odd like more toes lolI'd rather have actual meat than 3D print "meat" with sludge that was once a cow or whatever. At least if it's a steak or chop or something you can see how the animal was treated - whereas with sludge it's just completely dehumanising the entire thought of meatIn 50 years you can 3d print yourself and transfer your brain and live on forever. :DMaking a 3d organ is years away, the problem is organs have in some cases hundreds of different cells which work in a very complex manner, to accurately produce an organ they would need to first make an anatomically correct clone of an organ digitally which would be very difficult and probably vary from person to person based on blood type or there body shape. They then somehow will have to print this onto a stable graph whilst trying not to make the inner cells die from lack of blood circulation whilst printing.Most men would want to print their lost hairs.Would vegans eat 3D printed meat?a skul would be awesomedammit, that video when you ate your own leg was your worst and grossest video ever. it gave me nightmares. and now you have to remind us of it again? damn you, my leg started to hurt again...he reminds me of Felix from orphan blacki could really use a new knee, but if money was no object why not have a new rear end!that final question was a horrible mistake, that's like handing your pyromaniac brother a match and telling him to only light the birthday candles.the funny thing is me an my friend actually talked about 3d printing food. Then we got silly and starting talking about how torrent sites you would be able to pirate food from like mcdonalds or burger king and 3d print it.#3Dprinting has a huge impact on medicine, as you'll see in this timelapse of an MRI scanned baby head. For clinicians who look at MRI images daily, it is normal to interpret a 2D MRI scan. However, for students or patients it's more difficult to understand. That's where 3D printed organs come in.

More about this subject: http://ultim.kr/1Ikmyoa cool broAs that 3D printers are brilliant, the surgeons still doing that great job with their dexterity so amazing . 

I am wondering, What happens when the baby grows up?  The plastic is that flexible?Dissolves over time into the body. Hopefully by then his tissue is strong enough to no longer require additional stints. Now let`s correct the child`s strabismus! God also gave the baby the disease so...I thinks that the printer does the baby jajajaI thinks that the printer makes the babyThank godThat is truly amazing, thank you science.hello my name is Dr. Greenthumb 0:52we hope so much develop this solution  why isnt bill gates investing into this research.?You know what the problem with this is?
Go look up the subject on TED.  It's at least 7, maybe more years old.  It's NOT a new subject.  They've "been doing this" for a long time.  
YET THESE SUBJECTS stay on videos, on science journals and God knows where else but please, tell me, which hospital does this IN THE REAL WORLD?

I'm not challenging the science, I KNOW this can be done... but it's NOT done.  And that's the problem.change the title, what are you becoming ? fake new ?Okay, check this.  Print neutral media layer per layer, for every organ, with the rest of the organ layer by layer.  The agar with just nutrients, neutral, and with cell culture.  That way the gel, doesn't have any means of flowing.  Simpler words, if print the whole puck, including the organ suspended in the petri dish, so that the planned print includes filling the agar layer per layer, as thin as calculated in the petri dish.  So, you're always making a printed disk of agar but, there's cells and a structured organ suspended in that gel.  The puck, is printed as support material.  I figure, it would have to sit on life support for some time before all of the connective tissues finished their jobs, and it became a sturdy organ.create super organs, the next new thing?Absolutely amazing video. Very well presented. The potential of 3d bio printing is immense. Good Job,Keep up the good work!:)It's a little creepy that they're making food with bio printers."Scary" "Absolutely terrifying" "Unknown"... just more media buzzwords blowing the possibilities of this technology way out of focus and to the "dangerous kill us all" side of things. 

Nature of the media beast though. What bleeds, leads. 5:25 - WTF?As a molecular biologist, the 'faces from DNA' stuff is completely bogus. We are a hundred years from doing anything like that. Very bad reporting. The organ printing research is real though.Facial appearances from DNA?? Scientists have only just begun to scrape the surface of the full human genome and the tremendous complexity of even GxE interaction. The popular media is always blowing things out of proportion. Geez..I think he means you can print your own money and be rich.I'm not sure if cloning someone from a single cell would produce same finger prints.Maybe this will lower the price of organs. Maybe. NEW OBAMA PSY PROGRAM FOR US COPS !!
.
THE GOAL IS TO REMOVE MIND BLOCKAGE FROM COPS FORCING THEM TO SHOOT TO KILL EXPECTANT WHITE MOTHERS AND WHITE KIDS. 
"THE RUNNIMG MAN".

DHS Trains with Targets of White Children and Their Mothers
/watch?v=3ZVymcgv91w
/watch?v=3ZVymcgv91w

99 CENTS TARGETS
h t t p://i46.tinypic.c o m/dlpzlf.jpg
.
IF YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO KILL WHITE KID AND HIS MOTHER ASK OBAMA AND JEWISH ILLUMINATI CABAL 
.
DOES THE JEWS ARE NOT RACIST AND SUPER NAZI ??No, the book you read wasn't wrong, I was.
And for someone who doesn't speak English, you're certainly pretty good at writing it :-)Programmed Life Forms will not only work for free, but they will have a genetic-programmed-instinct that they derive pleasure from serving their "natural human" masters. An intelligent life form, created for nothing but abuse & servitude.
I know I'm speculating here but this really is the logical conclusion of this technology. Intellect is God-given, so we have to use it. But just because you can do something doesn't mean you should. This tech should only be used for organ & limb regeneration.Stolen identity sounds a little different now...The man you speak of was J. Robert Oppenheimer & he no more created nuclear energy than Ben Franklin created electricity. And the quote you mention is from the Hindu epic poem The Bhagavad Gita & the proper translation is: "Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds."
As far as movies go, I saw "AI" in the theater & absolutely hated it.Well this report quickly turned into a joke.What is this software called?
Yes, the government runs the printing press like a sixteen year old girl with her daddy's credit card, but it doesn't mean that money, even if fake, is no object. I'm pretty sure they'd sooner walk the beaten path. 

A hypothetical full grown clone brainwashed to commit some atrocity just to frame the real person is just so ridiculous, and there are ways to frame people that are significantly easier, cheaper and more time efficient.fuk det er canc rip engelsk opgi think the idea of 3D printing a person is a faaaar away dream, maybe more like Mission impossible where they make the masks (which was awesome by the way) but personally im still waiting for my Robot body, gimmi all dem Augmentations! it was a joke lol.what is this giant grey box?
Crimes against christianityEhh, not bad, but can they print kidney's??Old news...People, watch this on TED .Science has come so farThis is awesomecan it print me a pussy?eemmmm chinese have already made a cell print ...marijuana cures cancer why tf doesnt the media cover and blown this information up!!!!the religion dosen't like thisAll you guys built was a makerbot  with a syringe extruder. I made one for $500 maybe I'll do a Kickstarter kit of your printer for 1/10 the cost. Lol can we print hamburgers. Non the less I love seeing tech advancingcan they print brain tissuecod black ops 3Kidney, as I know have many small canals. And printed model have this ?
If not, one way is how to creating living tissue. Use a micro-lithography like for creating integrated circuit inside CPU.I have a feeling in 20 years all men will have massive 3d printed private partsI wonder if they can print a LIP?Should be able to print all organs, possibly including lungs, within 5 years. Livers have been waiting for the blood vessels. Already taking donor hearts, dissolving away the donor tissue, and using the blood vessel structure to grow new heart tissue with the receiving patient, thus eliminating the rejection. (Not sure why the blood vessels from the donor don't cause rejection.)Super unbelievable and awesome!!! Lip should do a detail story on this.This is exactly the kind of technology that should be in open source & in the public domain. Yeah, it sounds pretty good, if there's free & fair access.idiots, its not a china breakthrough its a old technology :)
western researchers printing kidney years back.
ref : https://www.ted.com/talks/anthony_atala_printing_a_human_kidney?language=enIn 1997 the New England Journal of Medicines Chief Editor released early an article that said we have finally found a CURE for diabetes.  He said he was so excited that he had to release this article early.  What ever happened to this cure?If this 3d printer works and they say we will see it being used in ten years or less, then I doubt we will ever see it.  I don't know why but I have my own suspicions.Gabor and Andras are amazing scientists with exceptional visionThis video, that few views (933 today) = crazy!Can't wait to replace my liver in 20 years due to bad choices.   Seriously though, this is fucking incredible work.EXTRA CELLULAR MATRIX REGENERATIVE POWDER IS AVAILABLE ON LINE NOW FOR REGENERATIVE PURPOSESHE IS A JEW THAT HATES ALLAH!!!Hopefully these geniuses stop aging while I am still youthful.. I am turning 48 this summer, and have a good 30 years... PLEASE HURRY!I didn't know, until now, that they can transplant organs with the complexity level of a stomach. Pretty neat.I had hoped that senescent cell clearance and manipulation of mitochondria, and the backing up of their remaining thirteen genes in to the safer environment of the cell nucleus, would be enough, but we will probably need to replace certain organs like the kidneys.I'm surprised the speaker wasn't killed for being an infidel lolNext is to create organs superior to our current onesTHERE IS A NEW DEVICE FOR HEART TRANSPLANTS , A BOX THAT PROVIDES A BLOOD SUPPLY TO A DISEMBODIED HEART TO PROTECT I DURING TRANSPORT.  IT CAN BE ADAPTED TO PROVIDE STRESS ON AN  ARTIFICIAL ORGAN, IN STAGES , TO CONDITION IT FOR USE.of all the places to talk about cutting edge science....the bloody arab world. what a jokeGreat video Jwall , Thank you for featuring Luxexcel!Great video! Very well edited.Great video, sir, love seeing all these new 'nuggets' in the 3d printing industry. Thanks for sharing!Great video.  You always find the coolest stuff to talk about.Thanks for making your return to YouTube! Your great!Things are improving fast! Can't wait to see those 3-D printed lights! Great vid Jwallhey I almost got an internship at Luxexcelloved the vid. hey i have a question someone may can answer i want a 3d printer but don't wanna spend to much money. does anyone have a suggestion?yaas! so good!!go vegan it can help with heart diseasegreat work..............
my best wishes are with you...............
one day you will achive this great vison  for better human life.

one day i will like  meet you .................wowWhat's next 3d printed animals? :owoahIt won't be long before they're printing complete clones of people, eh?  Who needs natural born people when you will just be able to print out an entire population of pre-programmed slaves.  Why is it the science that can do so much good is always used for so much evil?all of these understandable from both sides of the gun the fact remains that there better things to devote your life to to have about than firearms i t have a horse in this my indifference is sealed i just buy my popcorn take my row seat at the circus is a child cool i m i m gonna print a gun my dad bought a d print months one else see how scary this is the fact that someone more people can just print a firearm it they t legally restricted this may look great to people who pro gun it just seems like a bad idea to had to at sandy hook is a hoax is propaganda he needs to sell those love how the liberal media always has to to prove a that does not exist was not used in the sandy hook it was supposedly found in the m pretty there is way to make a d printed gun considering that a metal barrel can get blown up by shooting enough kids can guns legally in so there s in saying they can them can t own them it s like someone getting a license not being allowed to own a what a lunatic i ll be honest gun ownership is i t have with it holy crap i like it when gun owners trained screened health not their own safety just throwing more guns out there the internet won t give people the precautions to make them responsible gun owners it would their lives at risk that is my big concern with this this guy seems kind of need a update of should legalise nuclear weapons liberty well the government would with all the people t have to this is not the guns that killing people its the person pulling the trigger you can basically make a gun out of pretty much anything also not personal body guards people call after what happens you want to mass killings murders you need to give people proper education what is right wrong to murderers make it people to get unregistered guns also many people die from knife wielders other weapons even punches so murders wont unless you have a more wider education spectrum that can tell the generation what is right easy to make firearms yourself you can easily make a shotgun with only some nails glue welding poor atheism will take over your precious little worshipping country utopia will be installed by atheists all human this is terrifying absolutely terrifying when people say you can kill people with anything like a spoon a rope those things have different intended guns made to kill things there is reason that average citizen needs to have one it s disrespectful to be that apathetic about sandy hook other similar shootings these events we should learn from guns dangerous weapons that a of irreparable putting guns t blame the gun it makes the general safer by keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous people ears noses fingers what about a penis can i print some happiness can i print a nuclear weapon tho everything you want i want a wonder it in can replicate the molecular of would make the dick my gay brother hate gays now i m straight i to be d print a d anything you want yeah you just half to pay arm a leg to buy one the materials to print that law student needs to stay at school very time we not from creating a actual with this china t have to make other of them have friends you interested in d printing go to our printers com popular precise d printer high speed big printing area d ab single default b e f b d d b d ab f d a e d d b d ab f d a can make a pushy too it real hard to make a d print gun because you need to have the right first thing i d make is a big of tits i mentioned can someone tell they light oxygen just light drink whenever light oxygen is mentioned you win you re alive at the end i already got light oxygen in my house all i need is resin i ll be good to go it s annoying the way these kinds of people talk d printing is cool just t get people with annoying voices to talk about it they what i call internet safe i hate that like they hired a light so you have to turn the lights breath so how does it work this is cool i wanted a printer that could light oxygen i d also prefer mediocre engineers to make it this a revolutionary product these guys will shit money soon he knows it just look at him looks like he has won the lottery you can t just buy this printer year subscription will cost you subscription basically we coming out with technology to those pesky humans just say it printer pr guy give a engineer to tell how it works this guy is clueless one big him i t look right right r right right right right uh right right right so we re controlling the oxygen using chemistry right right right the guy explaining it just keeps saying the same thing this guy is try so much to make people buy this thing which makes think it s not great he says it is so of printing then he said there s a next where the printed is being rinsed cooked in oven gee wonder how that would make these really great is a only sound works the today fuck you hours can i buy this house with amazon aloha congratulation your magnificent d printed house it is gorgeous a truly affordable cool tiny house all earth may we co create gorgeous intentional communities a new earth with these amazing d printed tiny homes we beings made of light sound radiating love throughout creation s peace love to all earth we one always forever eternal is this would fly in earthquake i noted the reinforcement i t see any ones not that it would be just curious it would pass our current i m also curious about how the electrical plumbing is in they t that it s obviously there with a smaller you would need a requirement in some areas which is nice in some areas residential sprinklers required just a suburb of these homes people would save so much money i can picture the countrysides being filled up these homes so there is investor with who will print houses this so the costs the the printer low each buyer i would be in sounds like any other quick amazing nobody knows why the looked better before they panted it this is ultra cool very very cool wow bring it where i sign i fully this i m willing to buy one today fuck wonder what it would cost the equipment to start a wow amazing er wait they started doing this in china in how did they run the electrical those fucking it s time to the balls you have any ideas a d printer a beginner that has fairly cheap has pretty resolution heated bed com it p m l hey there i needed a d print my project i saw yours i was very impressed with your kind could you please send the blueprints this please know thank you how can i make prints that have like this i tried with something it just gets stuck i want that interesting video the music was really annoying thank god it ended early this shit need print iron seemed pretty to basically it is a of ball bearings that work like crap because they made out of jagged nasty instead of metal here is d com it p m l make size i did the same project my drafting class only i did it a modular assembly how did you calculate the each concentric to have each ball flush while maintaining tolerance with out the printer fusing the sell those some alien was your s so amazing will it blend did she say even d printing like this becomes commonplace there will still be of work required by humans the shell of any is generally a process fitting these with electric wiring insulation plumbing will require hands methods i wonder you had some of flap the side of the nozzle hanging down you could smooth the lines at the same time have it print out instead so you can those heavy objects up less weight less concrete more strength nice work unbelievable well the idea is pretty concrete where in the hell is masonry why did we throw away craftsmanship new world why is it called a printer it spews concrete king of the castle king of the castle fill the inside the walls with sand not to costly more steel who needs it one say good bye nonetheless it s so one expensive cool play house little things that make your life easier picture of a i t see what s wrong with the can someone help talk to the writer so that errors in pronunciation like this t occur it s eh pi to it s extendable ear error in matrix narrator guy you a that holds is better than a dogs life being saved d fucking a ear is not organ crimsons i expecting that i got confused a he said epitome please tell how exactly a is incredible also i m sorry nobody is going to wear those of fashion they will end up the same all the rest of the fashion catwalk idiocy filling someone s bank account with thousands of only to be shoved in a walk in wardrobe never to be seen again what you at deep space travel shit does a d printer even work somebody told about them years ago i would have thought that was how they create matter out of thin be a company with d printed look pretty futuristic they can make them look you forgot about the printable why you should have in helmet shes a fucking d print yo i buy a threesome with them both even though the title said prank it still got i need m getting vibes that this is fake this is real i will print a d of it would be easier my mom to take to the other side of the we have pranksters who molest actors views both was real any d so you re telling the people getting were that to the camera they t it until he pointed it out in the end this is bullshit everyone involved knew exactly what was going you darn that hi know what cam they please thanks can you guys please buy a wind sock your i m from mt so i think it s so cool your from red give a fingerboard it s that almost a wheel of time reference that particular gear is referred to a planetary these guys should all the you make we it boards like a wall of fame they t bother to a analysis they re throwing around all these terms anyone else think looks like a even hes always around at first then bails at the should wrote in love your u got into skateboarding how is everyone should just call it you make it we s the deal with juice sounds like a bunch of teen make a working clock buying a clock mechanism any other electronics common there bearings yeah planetary gears is like bearings thus there bearings it is not it is a reducer all you did is just got the models you build a clock it would be anyone still brims skirts their prints am i alone this one t own a d print i like your a torch very very lightly wave over string jut melt away instantly looks great t get will melt i d recommend a needle looks like you not actually using the planetary gear anything except maybe mounting what was the purpose of this the outer to turn one of the shafts in out in order this to gear the i think you might be more accurate calling this a gear bearing even though it looks like a planetary gear it would be better to the in spite of just talking showing nothing of talking without anything the goes less than waste of time make a printer you get duster that have in it that stuff gets everywhere well in the a nail very cool one step closer to the very good video the other hand i was thinking in a d printer myself i see experimented people having with theirs resolution that bend while being printed of hours each print i think i ll wait some more time until this technology evolves a little more by now y think i ll using wood hand tools my cheers amazing bin a fan sense you started enjoy your videos up the great rpm drill that s what a engine makes at a little of it to d print a t servo spline a servo horn is that can get high off that stuff am we even what this will to world markets how many people will go unemployed because of this technology things like d printing accelerating the fall of capitalism t drink the water from it spool holder com it p m l great could you make a detail of this printer including material assembling like a project in com sorry my bad hi h will you share your this whit need one of these in my life s make stuff that s actually useful with d com it p m l really nice build that d printer is literally singing a song when you play this video x speed you will hear music made by the printer d printer seems to be very a nice d printer costing only com d printers d printer pp could of used the i never knew d printers were real this video was bro how many hours did it take to make this just you could print something more nice than this what is that d printers have come a way great video v you kidding i t think this video is have i missed something i have just bought a d printer all i can see is that it makes things i could get out of a cheap takes hours to make it costs hundreds of have the same m actually glad you showed the of printers so i have idea of what to look a modified with printed it turns out well like the price is times lower d bed can be assembled too those both so overpriced i got a that is twice good the one only cost the hands from the rear seats up costs not i know it was the you got scammed with your d live in the in what country you a d printer worth it good same i have a a i can get good results the pictured here spent print quality upgrades just a few printed ones wow had fun it sucked i enjoy it dude got ripped why would you get that you look years old what the settings you used the d printer y seems like shit acetone is easy to get you t have to get it from a chemist i can go buy a be back in hour less with it i needed it go to even sometimes has it some may even have it none of those have it brake cleaner from is mostly acetone even depending the brand most of them here in the with all of the ingredients maybe without the quantity added to the list can you say something in pl you think you mixed it with water you could airbrush tool good matt thank you good video great video i think it can be done rather more simply though i just a the same tissue method hello i just bought a it prints its own improvements like a chain the bed x axis the prints surprising with that said i hope you a little more d printer its a great tool to learn thanks your tips big fan hi i m from i like your perks t the abs acetone slurry basically abs juice now you will never have to buy that again it was really click bait because people think that they will have a d printer like at when the click it a sad will this work will you please make a tutorial how to make a guitar pedal please wow this is just fantastic now i can finally print those nifty my minis line d big thanks this great tip d wonderful your skills awesome dip it in acetone x way you can t find nail polish remover you re looking in the wrong those protective gloves tho too bad abs is the background music d print a hash of dislikes here duck hunt does that one a your fucking setup though god bless you i like all of your to detail facts awesome video new subscriber gained i was going to get m p i got a the only thing i t like was it t have a a sight gas block it had a bulky gas block with a that was too big to throw my sight it s more like sky blue rather than navy blue not gonna dude you could be a little less sarcastic a little more with your about this you specifically printed a lower resolution which is of the reason that the tolerances t up to also the reason printing a lower is so is because it s the only of the gun that requires a background to purchase thank you the common sense about the alarmist medias hysteria over printed gun a of comments about how to hijack a this guy talks too much why would you so much material in the first there great free slicers that you choose your t this guy to much to be a the mag was backwards link d com it p m l can i made a wax headfirst ever d printable wheel bearing electric motor com projects fractal gears a revolutionary video awesome too what kind of hand you can it be used outdoors too again thanks here is spool holder com it p m l i have a to make d food shop d shop from d printer d d print d print fashion with combination of clothes m interested to buy of this printer what s the now this is going to take away peoples down some manufacturing companies dude this is amazing bro has awaken my curiosity made up my mind to create something myself t you know it one of the first things they printed was their own personal dildo here is d com it p m l how this print without please we require this tell the cost of d printer in printing a mask of you a subbed this is the devils work spoken of in all ancient religious texts foreshadows the end of days just kidding i m really really bored can t sleep d printers back in d printer i bought cheaply here thing printed yet is rocket engines can i sell objects online made a d printer can the links to these creations be added here cool sounds like mass unemployment is its way those printers better start printing money all the people whose they re taking go to my channel u see making d greetings i have voice control i know its been a year i had to speak my mind d metal printing was out much sooner than the d printers we know today invented in the s was commercially available in the you probably meant deposition welding something like that i want one to make a d my little was created by a d printer thanks the i subbed republic of s first d printer high speed d printing high resolution easy to embedded system designed comfort the name is g printer d you re telling a boring little block shaped house beat a freaking engine also add witch d printer you using be you have free stuff i want that sand babel is my fresh cool filter look into one nice video you make this sound so boring they take the paper rolls hey really love the work keep it up hi just wondering you d seen this sorter might work better than the you printed com thing i t know why this guy pisses guess it would work by making the slits a smaller i love your slime in the background what s it printed with i read the title corn snorting sorely a small steel brush to get my burs off works amazingly well i say so it appears to that all the side openings the same width i m thinking that is why some of the popped out through those openings otherwise it seems like a great thought this video was titled snorting why can t i just d print you sound like look it up he s richer then i am can work euros this is the first d printing video i have stopped to watch some reason all the lingo was horrifying overall this was interesting video i first looked i thought it said snorting the loonies those brown definitely have a incredible voice who else agree with d print your in school i actually printed a holder nice barns you stain it paint it is the d print to water can it be sealed hey b can you some new cheaper d printers people with lower wonder it has the integrity of real wood though it s made of wood it should float it s a witch it will sink it extrudes the same way metal extrudes it s wood particles in a binder next step d print real carrots potatoes apples printing with wood watching printing gay porn some day they might have giant d printers that melt extrude steal they them to make sky wood is mostly that s why it works the wood adds some strength is mostly why is he called this is great d printed stuff make it fiddling with it d printed d printers d printers have come a way in a totally amazing stuff can i print out a her name is the one with the vagina here the p have come the d printed know what you were thinking vagina in the title of your video you re bound to get a of hits vagina cad she got in distributing d printing her vagina because it s wholly illegal to in any shape form in japan ever see their porn dicks all over the whenever a vagina is in the shot it s all blurred in my mind it s little wonder why such a huge of their male is extremely feminine gay reclusive in this day age with so much sex in every of of unsurprisingly creates a vast male which wants to stay away from so manufacturing eventually gonna boil down to hey can you fix operate a d printer have a so where is it illegal to d model you re vagina talk about swimming in the pussy wow when he said printer of the week i thought aliens were attacking what a great quick video love the personality too keep it up can u print a penis its illegal to make of your genitals what happened to free country like this guy video homeless the thumbnail bass almost the bass thing t someone mod it the thing basically roller coaster the from the to cover the infill area thus lengthen the to increase bass mid i t personally have the cad skills a d printer to try it so just a good video i want to get a d printer my birthday i want to get anything that is a build size bellow grooming young children it s the new m pretty everyone s browser is that music really reminds of batman is also my browser is web browser is internet printer makes such clean search engine is porn of viewers unhappy that s actually pretty bad is my can a d printer print another d printer can you d print love a human soul dude awesome review loved how you showed all the little cool things u made so awesome all the mounts mouth mounts i could make subscribed to your channel review thank you i have a need to make interior older vehicle i have does this have some of scan capability i have to duplicate broken i can print whole again i can scan them i needs i feel like amazon affiliate links should be counted its a share in i would like to see someone print out a would very much like to see you a series this printer simply because of your review i am searching one been researching you sold this bad thanks the review loved the video mike thanks making it my screen went out my select mini currently waiting my replacement besides that one problem the printer has worked fantastically thank you t know about this its looking great price is best i think t seen any cheaper ones that is fabulous thanks showing too bad it is not available in that is available without a shipping tag is can get a printer like please both videos takes months to ship apparently this has been around a t know why you t make this shoulder mounted try to hit shaped targets i d enjoy a also try using a thinner nail to pierce the co give it a little more thrust time less waste beginning t this more like a bullet than a rocket rockets t need to build up in a chamber behind them it would be interesting to see you could achieve spin by putting some twist in the nice dildos m slap a mo camera at the end the rockets launching the d print is wrong the co i bought does the in it i bought the gram co sorry lock can u fix this by next week i have a fair in one week that was great you should be thinking to make it go way faster what goes up must come down what s with the gay hipster music you should hit someone in the balls with should totally another giveaway those things rad how u make the bolt in washer this with a gas rocket looks like carrots just showed everyone how to build a zip gun you should try attach wings like a javelin rocket peter a dissolving your looks like a boring old tool infested dungeon though you should make it a little more dude amazing tips got a new from great tips well presented thank you has anyone told you that you look like s his is the s this is different than people stuck back in the s hate from i really like your tips tricks i just ordered a a d printer so i m doing research d printing i t actually have the printer yet by just watching this video you already answered some of my speaking of not using d printers a novelty printer since i ordered my printer i already done research different printing materials since i have at least that broke this week i figured i could try print them i think of the d printing a fancy tool with loads of potential is you your mind to it my god i already want to ship already is there any way to make something float while connected to object when it is printed loving those connectors in number now i m thinking geodesic domes my first thought ten in it looks like has this guy hostage in a is him to d print two about the edges can be very easily avoided properly heating cooling will improve prints drastically so wait a of glue is it yet acetone abs t you increasing prep time the amount of it takes to a task yes all sand down ruin our print beds i d rather not sand down my print bed to the of needing to buy a replacement thanks thank you so much the acetone trick helped much with old printer i was trying to get to really useful info what of potato you filming with cards way too thick just paper that was so f awesome i t exactly how much good advice i would get to how much the quality of videos s to how many other videos i already watched this really does help a just bought my first d printer it s coming so excited the its a d printed up dude really finally very cool tips bro helps a thanks yeah make a hole with sandpaper your bed the curve that will develop quickly because of you taking off some material wont effect quality of your to your cat lord how is it that i am just now seeing this i wish to turn my black cat into toothless the i m way late that would look my cat batman really reminds masters of the universe he has also a pretty bad helmet now you too can have your own battle cat samurai people will start making homes did you to make it battle even better than slap to the head the cat is dead you can make light weight body to protect cats from dog it bet it would looks like a one your that is tiger this is everything so making this our cat chase who looks like your cat actually amazing damned cool model there you think you could model make a modular l ford v like the one in the mustang have you considered selling these small scale models to schools purposes hello i was curious you have a to go with want to buy that name your price it said fully working model survey says that was a so i have the money in the when internal gets banned by crappy governments i can engine blocks bad the printed to cast them in d printer did you print this with t u the individual components to make castings then u could insert iron sleeves have operational just much horsepower the real thing nice s so cool v con x con lo dime llamas y s the numbers t melt this thing block cut it out make a computer cover something cutting board geeks so hot hey what kind of printer you think would be best to start off with please include that cheap affordable print quite well thank you i i wonder how well it ll turn cut my lathe you make a x x block turn something like a pen give it to someone who turns pens i m a little disappointed i though you would try to make the printable again that would be really a great way to it impressive results like a painting a semi thick sheet into a cutting board maybe you can make the disk a little larger than your bowl to make that the whole bowl is completely covered in than you can cut the material away with your band saw you could make that sheet into a laptop should have one bowl the bottom then the then a bowl of the so when it melts the bowl falls with it the you should try to a hair dryer make a bowl by slowly heating up the disc the outside of the metal bowl you made a new love eating freshly baked rainbow some of this to peter garbage to make more garbage good to bad you cant just remelt it into strands to reuse in the d should try d printing a fidget spinner bearings all d printing nerd probably should have heated the hair from the bottom just gravity the work you starting with the back of the mane of did your mother never teach you to cut away from yourself at first i thought this dude was a b r i s a n s c o a buck every time he says sacrificial wall how many weeks did you work this jams feeds warps i had a each sacrificial wall said mad a child with jack septic s bad hair day take a shot every time he says sacrificial wall there some the s rear end this definitely has a heart you sacrificed the sacrificial t be responsible styling other s hair you used the hair dryer to the hair i love the guy could be s not just it fall the hair any of the materials food safe food safe approved heard carbon can your still works this of is your proprietary hello i m poppy poppy poppy poppy poppy poppy poppy how would i be able to strengthen abs print after its done i wanna be able to both i would like to have a fully recyclable material that i can toss into a grinder that turns my waste back into ready printing is the print quality of a d printer good enough to make things we can sell online comes from starch is a toxic bio degradable material i t understand why it t used food packaging more there s only one poppy that poppy which one makes models that look better you seem to euros this you re not always see almost sold out at the i see of abs the hearing that is better poppy wow confusing come by believe it not it s still going to this a guy with such a basic knowledge in cad the fact that you have such a d printing channel is astounding have you tried using dry glue the ceramic bed this could resolve the adhesion problem s talk about drinking game every time he says to this day take a shot print a fidget is that never got addicted to starts at when the takes up one third of the video does he remind of have a fridge you you should print the bendy one then another in hard to go around it that way you get shock adhesion your hair looks like it s d printed real t work so hard it is like you that s probably video yours i seen you look here like a smoker that fridge is brilliant so logical to this day so spend pt instead seriously never waste money z with smith mid epoxy t eyeball a epoxy mix with disposable epoxy mixing cups jumbo not mix epoxy well at all with kids craft skinny stir vigorously feel slight heat from the chemical reaction mentioned slightly wax parchment paper is a must have try letting the epoxy sit before brushing any areas that not those things will ensure that the epoxy up in less prevent runs which in turn helps first timer to resist the to touch the model while the epoxy dries cool thanks could i with this any epoxy resin with a enough life did your print require any sanding because my print has many crevices i t be able to sand those areas does this work with well great tips i like that t it faster to print at high resolution instead of waiting another hours messing around with toxic chemicals i mean the um can might give this a try upcoming prop build i ll you know how it turns out thanks the product review never take tech advice from a with a keyboard the is the handling time you got before it starts hardening the time till it is fully hardened is much this is to than acetone its not any safer its the same warning when you using any kind of resins a special ones chemical filtering mask other way you will die this is toxic you read in internet while this work with down could also try automotive high solids it has protector polymers in it that protects anything under it from get what u pay so you want the to last cheap out you can run it through a spray gun brush it it s a thinner than epoxy has protector in it thumbs i see that someone already the gloves i would also a mask bad explained already in a well ventilated area also some people develop reaction to epoxy just my two guys enjoy be a riviera boat you ll like it make it into you d print a picture of your dude a genius i tried to make a i got it into the like later i lost complete control then the whole right wing detached i think you know what happened after that i think i lost think you very skilled at what you was wondering what you were doing at why great video when you doing awesome try build a a heat gun i cringe when you a lighter shrink hay peter i recommend that you get a heated bed a abs head also there a few really cool channels out there that some cool d printing tips has some videos also has some sweet videos i like how you spent so much time with modifying the boat after printing this is not way of using d printers more time in cad means much less time wasted tinkering afterwards that lesson i learned the hard way through my projects apart from that it s a nice boat like reply what printer did u can u make one fully done up bucks a nice way to weld i might have to try dual water whats the mini camera in boat to keep doing what you doing i am a big fan thanks your to losing to technology someone still has to build the there will be spin offs like creating trays dinners absolute bullshit any cement based layers takes much to yet again another video go hey that s pretty m commenting right after seeing the video so certainly i am not fully appreciating all the i did just think of one i feel like this tech could drastically reduce foreign aid to the mutual benefit of senders recipients the evolution speed tinkered a homes in would make the a perfect party of my emoticons flexibility sustainable homes x private crew housing five counting different markets in this smart circulations in homes true money earning when sharing with professionals house may be easy to construct after a disaster what about its tolerance during a disaster the idea is great actual housing it s ludicrous it s a fire hazard not at all economically is extremely subject to decay t in jeopardy to something like this something like this is so weak that the big bad wolf could huff puff blow it all down they should reassess their model they can get more in renovations repairs cutting costs by laying foundations this will work small shops busy streets in between other retail establishments there is need to pursue yet in the interim this is a great tool companies trying to reduce costs in some areas not all like i said laying a foundation is perfect the material is designed to withstand tolerances needed a build people really not understand the breakthrough here old people can t even call that a house its closer to a doghouse than it is to a house it still required more people working it it probably of energy too the probably costs it seems workers still have a cool video very things live in a poor area not very good housing in ill bring it we lived in a society where people think about money only this can be great to make quick temporary houses example after natural disaster people low cost housing people with little income sadly this probably be it whats the material the crane is using to make the house u o s p u i t think this would work anything a small can you recommend a d printer t pee that electric fence how about testing a prop a good axis could spit out of them in the time it takes to print just one of these props how awesome is new i love a good dick think the carbon broke because it because it s what a of propellers made of it could also have just been a really carbon you run another try in is it to d print around metal inserts example hub in skeleton form with the blades printed onto it they just wasting their time because the heat that comes through the prop from the engine will eventually melt matter what they down that tells is make a model of the object then sand cast it with t you cant print strong carbon its more like carbon powder with epoxy also can you share print settings please cheapest d printers about you say you a dick stain it disappointing to see the kill cord not being used especially you were testing props how many hp is that not at never work when you need it requires a heated chamber not just a heated bed so i think you might want to try annealing the in the oven sub can you run some blue lights through it it would look awesome at night thanks love your your in your i have bought a few want more can you tell where to purchase the steerable supporting rod i can not find this they call it a clutch you any acetone smoothing the d print how big the individual how much you to build just the shell of this bird you that i t have a b know its not scale your props reversed a real p has the descending blades outboard the upward moving blade inboard the pilot u bring the best too thanks when we get to see the p fly wonder woman s wow cool beautiful i got to get one you know how this is to print why you think they had it them i tried to print this days could not you think that the a can print the i m looking into getting it want to make i can print these has a scale stall speed of about mph not exactly a realistic flight looks quite very material is this made from when will you get a real size model d print tech c what d printer you answer great work love the improvement you in i have the same model been doing some improvements greetings i am complete regarding d printers yours seems to have fantastic results i its printer which i found to be the cheapest best except the need of upgrades could you please where which to purchase which upgrades necessary optional i would be very grateful haven t used it myself from what i have read pom would work well i think it is used in a of zippers it is low resilient to wear needs a heated chamber bed from what i hear i love seeing all these gears i m going to have to try these out i get a printer i made a of this x i m very that it works i want to take the time to thank you your settings explanation them made my life much simpler i just repaired a problem i was having with my new retraction causing jams the was a gap between the of the heat sink of my e d it made a gap between the of my the heat brake causing warm to bend itself jam i drilled a hole through the of the to allow my tubing to go in directly that combined with your settings explanations i am getting to authentic e d the only thing remaining is that it is not a all metal it is still very good the common abs this bearing gear is what i to have in quality i think i had written you about a year ago i had purchased d printer the quality was absolutely junk i kept it days before returning thank you new egg making that easy you had given the to build one myself from scratch my next will be the gear bearing at tolerance i feel i will get at least that in precision now thank you keep up the good work i ll post after the is done to say i got it to any advice a good method drill to it i m this might my life i can produce decent thank you i feel accomplished i haven t felt that in a while i m astounded at the quality of your prints i been looking into getting a i with a e d v hot end after viewing reading things online i was expecting much less in terms of print quality from these were these printed from abs which slicing program you i started playing with to get my head around the whole before i get a printer i have never used a d printer by the way looking to getting into it all thanks the great video is the quality that this produces better higher resolution than say m where can i buy the pieces to make a d printer like this one would it be cheaper than purchasing the m it would be really cool to make a fidget spinner with that gear bearing upgraded my i p m with a genuine e d v level sensor best upgrade ever com make whats the cost of having things that size printed which d printer did you those gears you should connect the bearings to the gear thingy so when ever u turn the crank the bearing movies videos epic i am looking at buying one of these when i look online there so many different looking models called i its to know which one is which what is the print area this printer great blown away by the quality of your prints the i is fairly inexpensive even with the you made i am definitively making one unfortunately ill have to the individually you think its suicidal someone with experience with these to so what you think about the have you stopped just got a new sub really cool video keep up these things i like the print prints anything you can take off the build it have moving is crazy to think about any of the slicing allow the to define where the tool starts ends i have not found a way to this with got printing e g changing like to because of the combined with r s mass of settings which i occasionally take advantage of i also like the print statistics breakdown that it gives its free its thing you really missed opted not to forgot how awful it is to move the object in simplify d using their default movement tools it took months to out until someone directed to the tools tick always d transform gizmo d did not work my creator pro i contacted they the runaround the the never worked although the platform did heat after many emails i asked a call they refused i am disputing the my credit card simplify d is actually more than it cost to build my printer i ll pass has been recommended to by other makers however the i downloaded won t work alone apparently it s a a host program not actual slicer i been told the algorithms great i m new to this i only been printing months anyone can down that would be swell i naturally did a web search the returns were confusing the video was good at the end you even say it very useful helpful i m a newbie to d printing have been watching it a few years i hope to buy a d printer some time soon so i am trying to learn all the stuff first i always used to worry about not having a clue about it what is the song in the intro yeah all the waiting to realise that you used wrong settings all the prints were failures you forgot to out that you can drag in which i find very useful stability getting it just where i need it does simplify d a v my slicer updated suppers it hey wanna play age of sometime how to get to not watch your channel again in less really though it s not cool to the answer in another video i am new to d printing i was looking the best to i will not be tuning back in to watch the next video what about what about c abs can anyone subscribe to my u tell which printer u seems like it works well also can u print a fallout power can you speak a little faster fantastic tutorial thank you making this i have my flow at it is still under extruding i am using the a i just got a e d v my a i feel like the quality went down mostly detail lines any i thought the was you just the that was needed not the waffle most people add all we have to is just watch it few times which is the best way to learn something well done thanks this great tutorial this is helping out a thanks this was very useful i was battling to get verbatim to print properly until now which you using you cant print abs at degrees you must have miscalculated you talk so fast amazing video good m does curing with acetone help with adhesion most helpful video seen yet a d printer shaped gun down french i understand one word asking a lawyer to make such claims is kinda pointless laws can be complete bullshit sometimes did i hear ave fan i can see a system like steam licensed verified d when it s absolutely that the you re printing up to specs in the example with the aeroplane stocking is expensive hell a d printing shop with access to high end can make things demand i might take a of days instead of waiting up to a few weeks said to get shipped halfway across the world it would also be better the environment to things within a from where they to be used i got two i am a d model artist i create a character that belong to another company iron gambit include it in my portfolio am i infringing what i t claim the to the character make it clear that the property is owned by whichever company owns the i have been getting very interested in d printing with the advent of regulation some things some being made illegal to even download what so ever just makes concerned about where d printing will go how much more will go through then what had to be with when i grew up through before computers seeing the whole slew of things that up with computer technology mp s other i was one of the models said share like does that mean i can pint sell the i a link to the i m glad someone finally made a friendly video of this our kids will be pirating property is a it might only a time before they were regulated programming to only accept blueprints from there will be still able to override access copyrighted material free the majority of people won t be breaking copyrights i t think read by peter who how capitalism could exist with the trek replicator technology interesting read though firmly socialist p s i m firmly socialist going to be a build problem in the won t be able to control the in the this is one of the things that could happen in the near i want to print a meter high i order it from the company they pay nickelodeon something based what their policy d printing in this they want of the price the spent the product sends email back to update what the price will be which was the cost sending the to my post maybe you t like that much would rather have from the room in your room gonna be so much more simpler getting that now wait i s he saying every functional object created is copyrighted merely by being made even my third crafts project why every d printing video explains what is d printer how it works shit we already know this shit t download a can you make all kind of stuff to d is only a you causing the owner a loss of you claim it your intellectual property so you download blueprints a d printer does that mean i could a dildo those t have a d printer out my latest review of the tarantula d printer it s only be w dude cool video em out hey you little friendly way you inspired i ll buy that printer a of from i made entire robotic arm with servos some nuts bolts d printed see being in m the what s the info your filter please what program you using to all these pieces why not out the locking mechanism the inside with the grabber you should it a the end of a should the first one inside the should try making a robotic arm a really big project that t where you push the arms into the egg so it it t that strong one strong these amazing you need to make easier every would you the one it s exactly what hands immediately clicks the video when i see the word furry sees the word fabulous sees the word furry you have my amazing work can i print this with pasta getting furry what god this is so fucking awesome i m so looking forward to have actual being a fucking student get a d printing dammit looks mega cool what d printer you you furry how people will take the videos of others not give any credit to those who made the same video first much like this going to try one with a perm using a pencil the hot water method instead of the heat watching this while watching the i d printer that glasses thank you so much the video i have been learning so much from your yellow ones hair look like furry d com it p m l amazing i love these ideas would like to know more videos have been made like this the cable strain would possibly need to be made of because it s actually relocating the cable strain to inch away from the which is good so in the you can repair the cable away from the object have slack to work with many cords have a soft rubber hose over where the end of the cord to the cord the rubber bends a little easing through that bend sorry i m excited to print some of these ^ contain lead which deposits the it prints ingesting that is probably not a good cool ideas looks like the of a cable strain well done i t seen any of these before please make more videos hi grant my names also grant i to have a d printing you should it out in years his entire house will be light grey way you pegged in the tent made here i am thinking i finally decided the a waiting to be in a o tarantula anyone know a to buy this printer from warehouse it s not how good it is it s the group of owners the improvements they made share matter how good a product is it t help much when your alone in the dark with answers the a there is a problem with the heated bed that s why they fire often the temperature will say degrees it will be much you measure it using infrared thermometer this the firmware to keep current into the bed leading to melting of connectors shorting of wires possibly fire the two fans did you i t exactly know how to spell that them in i would love to get this i can t anything so i would love a way to this without thanks hi everyone i hope you doing great you consider buying this printer there s numerous different you can choose from in the review i the printer find it here how did u connect the wires of the fans to the other like your review in your experience witch one is the better printer to buy that print smooth does not required much i love that your to upgrading the d printer was printing them is this able to print ninja flex without a mod what i need to start printing this i have never tried d printing before i have idea what i need to get you this printer upgrade from the a is it any better you won a subscriber with this video i really like how you upgrade your d printer with itself really cool i like your others tutorial how to make stuff keep it up i m looking forward to your next videos can you a video how to install the fans this printer completely like with the wiring all that thanks a response given one does anyone who has this printer the x gantry sags at all i see there is only a z axis one side i t know how sturdy the printer can this pulley crap be precise at heads the same size what fan curves u using the turbo fans what is the difference between the cheapest the most expensive at the d printed work the expensive one it looks like you cut the heads off of very sad after i built my d printer showed off a print in school one of my first request was to print the guy gun i told him that t work because you know it s he said it was showed in the news i just walked away after that you masking the heat bed so what of is that drone weight is a drones t weigh very much even it falls m the drone will probably the shoes would at infill so personally i leave it at the reduced weight saves flight time i would still expect it to keep debris out of my motors i need something d printer this little over it is the city of from the series my school i have a d printer the teacher that has it is so busy the you to x y axis acceleration i after the electric bill you ll be feel it bro i have skills to repair almost everything from to everyone asks help i have a simplify d i would be interested in touch up ground up ideas any all material is held in extreme i get very good results with the s d i love sell my to schoolmates m really new to d printing someone could just bear with i would really appreciate it how does the computer connect with the printer also i am making my own using the ramps board i need any the mega that masking the bed when weighting you forgot to the brim the weight scale it calculates the amount of abs used including brim raft this is interesting you want to calculate how much is left you to sell the based weight might want to reduce your acceleration setting in the printer s firmware it looks like you have that rippling effect around the holes tweak acceleration i managed to get rid of rippling that way c users you have you ever tried the sanding bath method everyone says it smooths the even further particular just wondering what your take it is the weight would had been more accurate with the brim printer you using someone who is just getting ready to get into d printing is brushing off year old cad skills i sincerely appreciate the step by step of this process might be a little too detailed some folks this is a great example of identifying a need figuring out a making it happen thank you you like this d printer in the video because i m thinking of getting one is the quality of the print good strong using a caliper is a much more precise way more easier method good to see practical these printers instead of little models subscribed good video you printed it backwards seen this i m now curious it is to this with my mini i have the same printer you my glass cracked how i take it off it with glass it i seen guys print with a void then sink a nut with a soldering really cool video right around you brushed the nozzle with something why did you that what of brush is it i t have my printer yet waiting the i thanks the idea this is why i got a d printer to print replacement still not got my printers working properly not enough time space to have them permanently at least i got them when i need them very nice demo where can i get a printer how much they cost have you any other kind of printers what cad you very nice you should always make the what would seem larger than what you intended because the will contract it cools this is why the nut was tough to insert even though the hole was larger than the nut this project it was probably a good thing you wanted the nut to be secure just reference though why sealing the nut inside you could it in screw the bolt from the other side i would love to be your apprentice in d printing i hear you there i hate snow love the hope that the nozzle of the smart t touch hit the steel nut when i to the i have to see very to the model step by step a little hard i think talk about using a to kill ant why not just buy a wing nut at at very clever that s somewhere between inches d printing nerd i have holes in this i wish he used a piece of unused toilet paper of a raise d n coming dude t such thing suction it s the atmospheric that pushing not a vacuum that s pulling always you said is cool gravity is a theory even it were not your using the term incorrectly had to clarify it was unused toilet paper you only one hole in the attach a bowl fill it with w e herbs tobacco you want light it the bottom piece fall away it before it separates then remove the bowl the go it ll the smoke straight up cool gravity it looks like it s growing i think you should some kind of a video where you some d printing channels that t have that many subscribers yet such print that thing so there so many great d printing channels out there i think that doing some kind of a video will really help them get more subscribers also help other subscribers get to know other channels just some i saw this video thought i can t believe this guy copied make anything i then looked in the saw that he credit then the video loaded he said that the was from my is now subsided great video by the re not worried about all those exposed rolls of headphone warning you might have to turn it up to hear the that s awesome make a d printed to get a leaf time a soldering iron to make your holes video you won t the the one is more who want a movie accurate lenses a i would sell it it s kicks great is you sell that mask hard like my nice work i have a what is that blue thing the s printer a better adhesion thanks may i know what d printer you please the love of god mask from you t the one because you buy the collectors edition you can just modify that one also because there barely any quality builds of his mask from the first game i would love to see someone it off really well please make a predator makes the same way you made the iron one with the retracting a off a to remove nothing to grip so magnets to hold the eye pieces in how about magnets to take them out with a strong magnet just above the eye opening the inside a magnet glued to a small knob handle to attract it go a grip the outside why cant you print the mask all together instead of printing the peaces glue them together would u consider trying to make a handsome jack mask you should make a wolverine mask you haven t already you sell them because i t have a d uncle i was hoping you could help out trying to a d mask other masks one day selling so i was wondering you had any d that you think would be good d pleased this is a great spider why not a thin of steel the inside of the eye components upgrade the magnets the mask to something with a little more that way instead of attaching two weak magnets together you instead of attaching magnet to the meter you bk your channel grow uncle d print armoured vehicle it will withstand bullets it a thick like your thumbs you need to your teacher video though next time maybe say bullet resistant instead fantastic video keep up the good work i know this was to the individual not try print a bullet proof object however i would love to see attempt to make one my would be to a dual extrusion so you could print bonded layers of ridged similar to how bullet proof glass is made how expensive glass i like these kind of videos unconventional to the i made a in earlier video testing the toughness of d printed using something like a i was not expecting anything powerful this also given the cost of those continuous how much did those cost to make i wonder how a materiel would perform in this awesome video i would be really interested to see how the pucks would perform they solid say layers were solid next were different alternate solid solid it may create almost like ablative armour effect where the energy of the bullet is bled off in layers layers of armour shed without the achieving penetration awesome work tom interesting great will totally help scientists so they can it in bulletproof jackets stuff the army went completely crazy this time very cool that a disc can a also nice looking turning targets it looks like where is when does the come you would have also tested peek anyway good video how did you trigger the a i found out it goes thick wood they also got a its slower hits much i stopped using lead pellets so i only steel in what has d printing come to with d printers you can print printer aw it s little baby saw this i d printed this i have all of the pieces i have idea what of screws i should i think i ll just to buying a pip iv this looks like way too much work a of money some d prints that i will pay them to send it to i m being dead better than edition that old rusty look is amazing thanks so much making this video guys the pip you get t weathered because it s been attached to a corpse really cool you to how to make would be a made of a flight to go with the pip you make one does it have to be a does the losing mechanism the work it s good i like the collectors edition better so all i have to is download the print that is did you the words the did you to get the window the rads gauge the frequency displays wondering because going to make one of these myself yours looks really good what size the wondering you would sell these i will buy amazing you should have added pepper to the rust paint to give it a size it great video interesting print i learned something i will print this huge printed one about a year ago it t works is height it t spill all the water u u a little amount remains inside the thanks sharing bottles next also love your videos love it now print a bottle cup mind blown thanks this cool video you sir awesome nerdy puns cup is not good very thirst people this is a great print a great party prank great video very cool i learn something new more scientific stuff i like a video s channel have ad with in it please could you more videos i can t get enough of them your shirt in so many levels it would be cool to see a of how it works maybe you print it off a of the it s a toilet would people thumbs down this video dam haters they cannot be pleased although it is undeniable the scope of technological advancement in the medical field it s ethics can definitely be argued the health crisis that talks about is real less less people donating organs yet more people need them the fact of the matter is that some organs can t be donated until we deceased more that later so why should we be able to print organs transplant them into the this is that there would be other way to receive the organs that they need that artificially printing them will provide these opportunities this process also eliminates the probability of organ rejection that often occurs when we transplant organs into other bodies so we have two strong printing organs seem people uncomfortable with this idea it is against their religious beliefs goes against god to something unnatural in them to these people i your beliefs must ask you is your worth losing your life over so i understand the is valid to be asked so instead s find more live donors of organs to give although this may seem hard at first i believe the can be made easy instead of our current model of opt in organ when we register s licenses s move towards a system of opting out this would create a great increase of organ still allow people to make their own choices they feel uncomfortable with organ amazing it is this is clearly extremely dangerous the scientists working hard good reasons eventually greedy people will this they will make working military most likely both this could bring about a whole new of dictatorship even war either way we god elaborates the field of regenerative medicine this is where specific materials into someone s body those materials will the work themselves to help the get better he explains that you can the cells together to help the cell research is very controversial today these cells will only benefit the people it is used cells can be used to create a new heart anything that the person needs throughout their life a video of a heart that is being used experimentally in some studied this was made by scientists the s the will then be beneficial the to be able to get better s explanation of d printing is very interesting to because it is a newer technology the new printer that medical doctors using d prints the person to help the to most people this idea is very unethical since they testing this people they learn more about the process the thought of medical doctors printing a human kidney is a great idea to be able to print organ this would be ideal since most people in need of kidneys states that the printer will take about seven hours to print the kidney since the kidney can actually be used in experiments it will likely be beneficial to the experiment is perfected d printing is very new to the medical field i think over the years it will become very helpful beneficial fake i may need a new bladder one day to this gives hope i m going to order a d printed swift she will be my wife mind blowing obviously a victory however we all know when medical advancement meets physical need it in power greed reinforces the present conspiring of filling with a of faceless people of in general who will never be able to afford without programs because they can t afford a good education now so how until we can print entire person like in the fifth element that guy look so sincere kind o the d printer is the single greatest in human history this guy needs to work his presentation skills i t know it was to say actually that many times in a this is how technology help people live actually i really need the island just amazing bro d congrats ghost in the shell neon genesis a nose nostrils shape fetishist i just want this tech to the handsome noses nostrils shaped wanted to fondle caress stroke lick suck bio printing is great how does the printed organ can it would be medical ready the printed organ can more than few years can someone please explain to what is the of when creating new cells tissues in depth please i am researching my showcase project also how the cells that we have taken from the grow cells t live their own might want to go back in the drawing board about sustaining cell life first before moving to organ not saying it can t happen dreams usually take yrs its either you die discovering someone takes over cool did he bio print his hair it s very fearful thing in way that we can possibly print a human print be well worth it print think of the what a world that would be so could you print the conservative party will what ever they can to prevent any real of such technology they a stupid is brilliant beyond belief just in around years time being able to blindness amongst other diseases this is sounds like it would be great burn victims surgeons could it to remove scars the possibilities seem endless i think it s all just a matter of time very this mean you can get replacement organs which otherwise could not of have been donated by other people because the body would reject them because the printer cells of the right so this means that we will be able to get new organs skin tissues in this we will never get old since we able to the damaged over over again immortality during our life time tell this is i will celebrate a week the coolest thing i seen in a while considering this video was made more than years ago very good amazing spider is unravelling before our very eyes d call d wrong cell tissue organ anyone else patch in the row great growing organs even after watching this presentation still seems pretty the only reason i say is because there is still great controversy over the of cells although the development implementation of this technology would help of people that waiting lists most people not find it ethical to these cells i understand that the technology methods of developing organs advancing some of the organs heart liver nerve pancreas require cells which i believe is delaying the advancement of growing organs states that the cells preferred to in these processes the cells from amniotic fluid the meaning after the child is born the cells not taken from a baby even from a developing baby could be a huge advancement in the medical world people need to have a better understanding of where these cells coming from the benefit the world could see from advancement in this area i like that talks about how serious they take this research that before organ is introduced to a human host there criteria that need to be i believe that this is one of the strongest of this could be a huge selling people who disagree with growing organs i believe that people have a better understanding of where these cells coming from they can see how many lives will be saved by growing organs we will be able to have larger advancements in this field of study i have internal any rich person wanna give a new stomach please i think this is the next step in organ transplants i know there is still a of work to be done a of research still needs to be done the fact that this is actually also talks about how it takes a very time to get the right this is complete then the work can be done it just amazes how we have come in medicine i think it s a good thing that we taking steps this forward i have also heard that scientists making progress being able to grow human organs in other animals such pigs i think this is another great idea you have to be able to insert human cells in to the pig watch it grow some reason when i think about this it makes kind of nervous because i can just a pig walking around with a human leg something so when watching this video i was very happy with the progress being made also humbled at the same time knowing how much time research is being into it to make it happen either way i think we need to take steps like this when we have the technology research available because we t then i feel its just going to waste i wanted to buy shares of one of those companies so it s only the growing up of cells they have created i was thinking they could out how the salamander regenerates try to apply it i would like to make it a computer to grow up organ only by having the i m very interested in your work at its finest still waiting my flying promised years ago its nothing changed this is my video is years old at the time of writing i know nobody hospital that actually does that it s fabulous it t exist outside of universities talks journals so fabulous it is it is also worthless it s not real in the real world where i buy the organ my d printer cool find a way to collagen while spraying different mix of cells that the needed organ problem says actually a actually we entering age of whats the difference between bio medical embryonic cell research is also extremely prone to catastrophic failure outside a few gimmicks like growing ears a two nothing has been achieved i can spell with bio ink now just cut my finger blood does all the got your the last time too there is real freedom of there always things you cannot say heck you can t even sing the happy birthday song outdoors cos it s copyrighted t the government deny some people their freedom of just because they t like their so how come these people can be denied of their freedom of speech the greater good while others can t be denied the freedom of health care using the same logic in a private you d have a the idea is that you have a right to health care you have a right to a that cannot be denied just because the authorities that be t like your it would be like denying the freedom of to citizen of that is at all requirements to have any product only drive up costs in every even outside of the health insurance agency of the insurance industry has only ever dropped prices improved coverage reduced waste in the industry overall a the insurance industry neat video you need to learn a thing two about economics probably not i doubt one can transplant a new brain to one that it aged without killing the it would probably easily live over years right now it s in the early i am going to take a wild guess that years from now this technology will be fairly common not perfected years from now i am they will have it mastered we come a way in a period of time it s very exciting that some day humans may live than we now i am only the rich will benefit still amazing nevertheless so in when i m i can most of my organs with a younger of my organs to live to tells this technology will end up mostly printing bigger penises thank you your time i forgot to respond time d printing is a footprint the snow sand that real explorers will track god i d love to see even what s the beginning what a from that tool thanks the fact of the matter is that society cannot treat everyone economic scarcity is a fact of life rationing entails even readily available products the market by price which attracts new competencies to the market driving down prices the govt however it likes which leads to inefficiencies shortages grossly inferior care yeah well people like you exist it s a sad fact we all have to accept sooner later your life length is determined by your replication not by regrowing organs we get older our t replicate quickly can you make a printer that prints food like a banana at least a you could sell the printer to get more funding this give the ability to basically render ourselves immortal hi alien prepare cyborg in of the fittest still applies who wants to live the most increases his own d printing is so its ridiculous d print a vagina d printed would be d printed brain built to of cool things can be done with d printers i can t wait to see how this technology will go awesome i want more arms broke my leg years ago the recently healed after surgeries however my fibula was a lost the doctors removed a small to keep the broken ends from causing more from hitting each other i wonder they could print a complete fibula that would be awesome one can only dream hello i am a high school i would like to have a career in medical d printing what schools have the best programs this any other help is appreciated here is not precise watch out what you lets go d print some new skin estimated time hours the idea of d printing body is something that is becoming more more advanced the ability to d print body can be very beneficial many reasons one being the economical efficiency the cost of a d printed appendage is significantly cheaper than one that will be produced by a prosthetic company with the cost of false limbs declining it allows the poorer side of the economy to access to something that they never had before something that also is beneficial to with the of d printing of body is that the line organ donors will be smaller yet again so you in need of a hand placed a waiting list you may be that list years before being even considered d printing allows the process to go much faster also allows the to have a custom appendage that will better their body because it will be after one that they currently already have with the idea of d printing it allows the to not have to go through the process of having a body casting so when all that has to be done is a the idea of d printing can also be to even help surgeons better what they going to be facing undertaking a complicated heart surgery one can just print a model of the s heart go through step by step to insure the best outcome of the surgery medicine has even d printing today like the talked about in this video there already such a huge success of the technology behind d printing then it should most definitely be continued further a cell into different kinds of form like the when properties of water into ice thus solid it can be done to water why cant discover it vegetables better than d printed all the hand gestures we seen you the first fifty times cult members must be really proud of your hand they make eagle wings bet some guys gonna want to print bigger penises i wonder how they print the entire organ it has go so many complex layers how they printing it is of human this already who you why is the sound i hear when i flick my doorstop the economist had a company to d printing of live cells to create custom designed live pets they quoted the company president saying that pets were just proof of products them their eventual products would be custom designed boyfriends girlfriends they hoped to have these products by valentines day they t meet this deadline customers would just have to wait until yep the was in fools day of the economist inch dick finally gonna live the yes i always wanted to play the in d minor the wait not those of organs can we the cells with hank could you guys a video our current telescope technology what improvements we hope to have in a decade since you mentioned it how is enough how will cells know they of a liver not a pancreas huh who needs real organs when you can have them custom bet we had replicators there would be a crazy organic movement talking about how awful the health effects of replicated food how real food should be grown in the soil is it bad that i paused the video just to hear joey s world i m only you know the cost of actually making maintaining a live organ in space transferring it back to earth genetic animals to organ sounds much more legit that this so hank s like organs that will be perfect can be produced demand i m like i can have without any of the ecological consequences of cattle priorities i need to work them there s a problem with the idea of the organ printing moving it back to earth a transplant how the fuck you actually get it back to earth in time to individual they re dying what s stopping scientists from trying to print organs in water similar inert fluid seems like they could get similar effects weightlessness much cheaper why not just grow them why t we alien based telescopes ones planets like we to the belt i mean in scale the belt is only a away in this awesomely i loved this so much cant wait more planets to be not submerged the printing process in a womb like environment cut that whole space talking so fast sometimes i not get the topic switch i hate spoiled kids not this kid work i wonder when will they make a fully functional organ just by hitting print there absolutely you i was born with a kidney defect while it only effected one kidney i live in fear of the other kidney going at any i wish you all the best only a happy outcome in the very near printing organs skin nerves cells is the possibility to produce even better organs would be next ones that fail breakdown deteriorate then its only a matter of time when people will be able to recreate their own bodies to such a degree where preventing death is print a kidney so i can the last years a dialysis behind please ear looks a like paper i wonder what it would look like it had blood in it probably pinker this is so cool would it be to d print a human vagina human penis using this system better systems alike could the ways of sexual reassignment begin a our society only will the process we our that we call brains we can all all human can i print a boyfriend this watch v we will be a medical i hope that one day i will be of the people that bring this kind of technology to it s amazing to see how much technology is moving making real to people s lives a big thank you to the people dedicating their lives to medical technology i want them to make a printer that could actually print a human though blood other bodily fluids would be to is brilliant at the same time scary what s next will they print real live human it s all beautiful these things only happen journals universities never in hospitals with people we know you know actually go to you ll find people back from talking about exactly the same things doing the same things people clap the same way now in we have new videos people still dying because videos not enough now there s something to invest going to cost a that s amazing my mom had a transplanted kidney though it kept her alive awhile there is the downside of having a suppressed immune system because the body could still reject the organ it was much better than having to rely dialysis that used to wipe her out this is seriously wonderful gives people other unimaginable before i hope this technology takes off faster so it can help more people quicker this is amazing two come to mind first he t seen the doctor ten years he is adult was a kid when he got the transplant t he need something larger more evolved ones secondly i guess they their own cells to build it is it checked to make it is not malfunctioning after all it is still made organic at that so you would think there will be some wear tear simply awesome my hats off to these this is will be after time in hospital wow this ink d made bladder is awesome idea i am machinist the advancements in technology the presentation of how the human body is scanned then makes the kidney is awesome now this would be a fulfilling with that printer gives a new meaning to manufacturing i think this is the not a fab good work next time please limit the clapping how we would go much we can i think few ethical problems specific to this technology i love it please speed up this technology my grandpa needs get your out learn how to with call add push go capability to all your printed materials a rather weak presentation well amazing stuff d printer is becoming ultimate creation not explaining about superb d immortality alive synthetic your recorded memory to the new body immortality adult organism could has synthetic inside not alive resistant nanotechnology like bones vascular arteries veins capillaries made e g with forever young with modified biological timers which the biological timers where them how function them how can modify them the s cellular regeneration all eternity at same level of the years old have to accelerate the memory the space s immortality it s coming d will in time the fantastic towards the immortal what is that red liquid absolutely amazing i need a new some collagen inserts into my existing remaining knee could a new liver fall out coming true right before our eyes well done doctors well done technology now how about we d print some friends great help those with t want to be immortal there is way to much suffering to deal with from evil scumbag jerks this planet i want to die one day get away from all the i was thinking this also a scale that is working like organ printers too good to be true this is literally the stuff of coming true right before our eyes i could totally the idea of using to grow human tissue being the subject of some old monochrome twilight episode time to submit this add to my history book wow what about hair because going the fuck they growing could also make cyborgs i think how about it to print out save of goose from their misery dying of kidney disease please hurry with this what next create a what is that purple pink liquid how about preventing diseases so this all becomes totally redundant you ll never need a heart you take care of your own they already make hearts kidneys livers the have since last year they have spent decades keeping the heart pumping maybe in this century they might keep the blood flowing to the brain then they will have all the time in the world to repair any body china did this n about d printed guns was uncalled anyone honestly thinks that that is then your fears misplaced i love this kind of stuff just soon we get rid of ancient belief in imaginary gods we will begin to truly evolve human beings instead of genocidal killers it s build generate replicate not create new atoms being formed it s sad to see how many people can not even recall a of their vocabulary just t have it being to actually words that apply rather than these false word of this is a much better to becoming a cyborg this technology will seem to be usually available to those who can afford it of because since being a death health care system victim this is not about helping people at the levels of where the decisions made rather how to people needing the very organs they need to the industry only cares much it makes them money off of the suffering of people under the of new technology to help people it s always sold like that were it s more hype than those in such printing humans of apes which we not what does that mean that the of one s life it s the very clear loud then we truly products with what we valued with by those who have made merchandise of our flesh products more donors more gods get the fuck outta here alcohol damages well brain you cannot it without killing person could somebody turn down the chase music so that i can hear about some awesome please finally something much better than cover with turning gears characters i t believe that people will be irresponsible i mean some will at first the insurance companies take control of the organ printing it ll end up being that to get their insurance by offering one free organ replacement the more ethical to think of is when it comes to the human brain we right now not fully understand it we can bio print a brain will it still be that person the ethical though is when it comes down to the obvious who gets to decide who gets what organs i like how they just a fan out of old just it a biological advanced organ printer i like the technology really amazing honestly the last i would prefer to drink moderately than liver every years come i love it is so not a smoker a boozer so good is just too damn awesome the can make you new organs last is nonsense who would want to get cut open just to party hard why is the music so loud can you hear hello wait i will print you a new organ our printer jammed cults around the world need to lying about china organ love wonder how much a new organ costs organs a chip have a my doctor a my doctor will be implanted vessels so guns guns guns get all the this is haven t been up to this i find it immensely interesting the problem i understand with d printing organs is recreating all the tissue varieties present in a human organ the kidneys example have countless capillaries veins arteries well other shuttling blood urea in out of the organ beyond that the seems bright how lucky we especially young people i m to be alive at a time when human organs could be replaced cheaply safely by printing copy with your same tissues this brings to mind a potential problem tissues degrade because copying mechanisms have degraded this means you recreate organ with the same cells t this merely lead to the same that led to the need organ transplant i society will this problem by taking tissue blood samples early in life so that when problems arise such those tissues could be turned to instead of the cells which have degraded enough to create i volunteer my organs so i will be decades younger they have already started it they saved a babies life recently by replacing her windpipe with a d printed one making her able to breath the cured a with kidney failure was the printer built with board we the immortal generation you heard it first from havoc exciting to glimpse in the products of thing to consider would be to make the organ stripped of its genetic like they have done with hearts hopefully it works with humans well so that you can have a blank template to insert the donors genetic in so that there is of rejection of the organ that way you could also produce a of organs that just need the donors genetic inserted into it before time ago i saw something that i just recalled when they said something about the lack of oxygen in the process it was water that could be breathed oxygen saturated there was even a person submerged into it breathing nothing the oxygen rich water might this kind of water be useful in the process just a thought glad they having fun while doing this because things get done when people t people like these i love them in the you get the diagnose from your doctor you have everything around you suddenly has meaning money clothes anything with economical is just obsolete you start to think about what have you done in your life how you supposed to tell your family then your thoughts get interrupted by your doctor chop chop time to your liver hey print a liver is what why can you print a d printer that can print another d printer ghost organs will probably be a secondary to this i hate how you re talking about testing while not inform about the cruelty testing is towards animals when did humans become more valuable than any other species including mouses you re mentioning ear a mouse a whoa such a cool thing while instead you could talk about how horribly awful testing is at least just mentioned it i have also worked tissue strong outside soft outside size is the problem then very small big in one is not easy to speed was per day maybe we should small printers to print a complete i want to print a stake in the shape of a screaming i would d print a i d d print a brain would then donate it to trump i d probably print something odd like more toes d rather have actual meat than d print meat with sludge that was a cow whatever at least it s a chop something you can see how the was treated whereas with sludge it s just completely dehumanising the entire thought of years you can d print yourself transfer your brain live forever a d organ is years away the problem is organs have in some hundreds of different cells which work in a very complex manner to accurately produce organ they would need to first make anatomically of organ digitally which would be very difficult probably vary from person to person based blood there body shape they then somehow will have to print this onto a graph whilst trying not to make the inner cells die from lack of blood whilst printing most would want to print their lost hairs would vegans eat d printed meat a would be that video when you ate your own leg was your worst grossest video ever it nightmares now you have to remind of it again damn you my leg started to hurt again he reminds of from orphan could really a new knee money was object why not have a new rear end that was a mistake that s like handing your pyromaniac brother a telling him to only light the birthday candles the funny thing is my friend actually talked about d printing food then we got silly starting talking about how you would be able to food from like burger king d print it has a huge medicine you ll see in this of scanned baby head clinicians who look at daily it is to interpret a d scan however students it s more difficult to understand that s where d printed organs come in more about this subject cool that d printers brilliant the surgeons still doing that great with their dexterity so amazing i am wondering what happens when the baby grows up the is that over time into the body hopefully by then his tissue is strong enough to require additional stints now s the child s god also the baby the disease so i thinks that the printer does the baby thinks that the printer makes the is truly amazing thank you hello my name is we hope so much develop this why bill gates investing into this research you know what the problem with this is go look up the subject it s at least maybe more years old it s not a new subject they been doing this a time yet these subjects stay videos journals god knows where else please tell which hospital does this in the real world i m not challenging the i know this can be done it s not done that s the problem the title what you becoming fake new this print neutral media per every organ with the rest of the organ by the agar with just nutrients neutral with cell that way the t have any means of flowing simpler words print the whole puck including the organ suspended in the dish so that the planned print includes filling the agar per thin calculated in the dish so you re always making a printed disk of agar there s cells a structured organ suspended in that the puck is printed material i it would have to sit life some time before all of the connective tissues finished their it became a sturdy organ create organs the next new thing absolutely amazing video very well presented the potential of d bio printing is good keep up the good work it s a little creepy that they re making food with bio printers scary absolutely terrifying unknown just more media buzzwords blowing the possibilities of this technology way out of focus to the dangerous kill all side of things of the media beast though what bleeds leads a molecular biologist the from stuff is completely bogus we a hundred years from doing anything like that very bad reporting the organ printing research is real though appearances from scientists have only just begun to scrape the of the human genome the tremendous complexity of even the popular media is always blowing things out of i think he means you can print your own money be rich i m not cloning someone from a single cell would produce same finger prints maybe this will lower the price of organs maybe new program cops the is to remove mind blockage from cops them to to kill expectant white mothers white kids the with targets of white children their mothers watch v w watch v w targets h t t p i c o m you t know how to kill white kid his mother ask cabal does the not racist the book you read t wrong i was someone who t speak you re certainly pretty good at writing it programmed life forms will not only work free they will have a genetic programmed that they derive pleasure from serving their natural human masters life form created nothing i know i m speculating here this really is the logical of this technology is god given so we have to it just because you can something t mean you should this tech should only be used organ limb regeneration stolen identity sounds a little different now the you speak of was j he more created nuclear energy than created electricity the quote you is from the epic poem the the proper is now i am become death the destroyer of worlds movies go i saw in the absolutely hated it well this quickly turned into a joke what is this called yes the government runs the printing press like a sixteen year old with her daddy s credit card it t mean that money even fake is object i m pretty they d sooner walk the beaten path a hypothetical grown brainwashed to some atrocity just to frame the real person is just so ridiculous there ways to frame people that significantly easier cheaper more time er rip think the idea of d printing a person is a away dream maybe more like where they make the masks which was awesome by the way personally still waiting my body all it was a joke what is this giant grey against not bad can they print kidney s old news people watch this has come so is it print a pussy have already made a cell print why the media cover blown this up the t like you guys built was a with a syringe i made one maybe i ll a of your printer the cost can we print the less i love seeing tech they print brain black ops kidney i know have many small canals printed model have this not one way is how to creating tissue a lithography like creating integrated inside i have a feeling in years all will have d printed private wonder they can print a lip should be able to print all organs possibly including lungs within years livers have been waiting the blood vessels already taking donor hearts dissolving away the donor tissue using the blood vessel to grow new heart tissue with the receiving thus eliminating the rejection not why the blood vessels from the donor t rejection unbelievable awesome lip should a detail story this this is exactly the kind of technology that should be in open in the domain yeah it sounds pretty good there s free fair access its not a china breakthrough its a old technology western researchers printing kidney years back ref com talks printing a human kidney language the new of medicines chief editor released early that said we have finally found a diabetes he said he was so excited that he had to release this early what ever happened to this this d printer works they say we will see it being used in ten years less then i doubt we will ever see it i t know why i have my own amazing scientists with exceptional video that few views today crazy can t wait to my liver in years to bad choices seriously though this is fucking incredible work cellular matrix regenerative powder is available line now regenerative is a that hates hopefully these geniuses while i am still youthful i am turning this summer have a good years please hurry i t know until now that they can transplant organs with the complexity level of a stomach pretty neat i had hoped that senescent cell clearance of the backing up of their remaining thirteen genes in to the safer environment of the cell nucleus would be enough we will probably need to organs like the kidneys i m surprised the t killed being infidel is to create organs superior to our current is a new device heart transplants a that provides a blood supply to a disembodied heart to protect i during it can be adapted to provide artificial organ in to it of all the to talk about cutting edge the bloody world what a video thank you featuring great video very well edited great video sir love seeing all these new nuggets in the d printing industry thanks sharing great video you always find the coolest stuff to talk about thanks making your return to your great things improving fast can t wait to see those d printed lights great i almost got internship at the hey i have a someone may can answer i want a d printer t wanna spend to much money does anyone have a so good go vegan it can help with heart work my best wishes with you one day you will this great better human life one day i will like meet you s next d printed animals won t be before they re printing complete of people eh who needs natural born people when you will just be able to print out entire of programmed why is it the that can so much good is always used so much evil 