 + edureka! 3:35:45 Mins ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Kindly learn how to edit your video and break it down to small chunks. For instance, 30 mins  per topic and check your audio levels too much noise, all I hear is distortion. Wow I couldn't even watch the tutorial. Learn from professionals NEVER EVER PUT OUT A VIDEO THAT IS 3 HOURS LONG, DON'T BE LAZY PAY SOMEBODY TO EDIT YOUR VIDEO, REVISE YOUR CONTENT BEFORE YOU KEEP IT SHORT & SIMPLE (KISS). Not to forget , Most Indians talk very fast and your have a strong accent when speaking English. Remember there are lots of indians who put out tutorials online  but some try to be clear(audible) as possible when speaking. Thank's for nothing. I already lost interest . VERY VERY UNPROFESSIONAL!!!!Does torrent(client) use HDFS?Felt like a session crammed in between chitchat ... this was taking interactive to a whole new level :-)Focus on the subject at hand. Not on rohit, sandeep, debashish, etc....

Pls edit the video before posting or create a seperate youtube version that focuses on Subject not on audience.... It is just too distractingGoodHi I just started following you guys. it's a pleasure to have such a experience persons in their. Can you please help me out with the java basic as I don't have a single hand on experience about it and I started studying the java core but I need your support to help me finish early and understand good.
Please help me out!Highly monotonous and boring. The instructor could have completed this session in only 1 hour instead of 3.5. He is focusing more on the audience and getting smiles from them rather than the subject. Above all, most of the time he is not moving ahead without getting confirmation from all the audience that everyone have understood. 
Poor training.I give a big smiley :D to this video.Is this a tutorial or a failed standup comedy? Gets annoying after first 20 min!Just an amazing work..Especially thanks to Abhishek for making things understand in a very simple manner..I need some info from Edureka ,whether they have any project/case study containing knowledge about migration of data from Mainframe to Big data/Hadoop so that I can enroll for those learningsTrainer reminds me of Arnab Goswami ;) Overall good session :)!! Thanks a lot..below comments say lengthy ....but the humor was good to maintain such a long class and good questions from audience as well. Totally loved it.for learning hadoop, Java is mandatory?give the link of second tutorial of this vedioi am a B.com graduate. Can i join for big data analytics. is it suitable for b.com graduates??is that rahul gandhi????it will help if you just concentrate on lecturing the class in a slow way instead of engaging everyone , the speaker seems highly distracted !!less informative and more interaction.....!!!!testing patience...very good presentation for beginers like us.could you please send me the presentation slides taught in this video lecture of hadoop??Bill Applebe is like PPAP.. no offence but nailed it in short time Fantastic introduction.Good super Great information. I dont have software background If I choose to learn BigData will I be Abel to understand. What basis do I need to have to learn Bigdata.He plays the father in Malcolm.Hi: I am very confused. I want to have a job in Big Data. What do I need to go to school for in order to get it?. Thanx!If you play with the 1 button, you  can make your own puppet. Try it, it's funOK! This was an awesome video!OMG, you are the "Clint Eastwood" in CS!One of the best video i have ever come across 
Thank you very much...!!One of the best... vielen DankPerfect!Thanks for keeping it simple and high level.We have introduced a On Demand free Big data Internship Program in partnership with Udemy.
https://www.udemy.com/big-data-internship-program-part-1-foundationawesome........good one..good, but he calls data as dyta everytime and hard to catch it.the host seems over enthusiastic.to die  = today~Big Data and Hadoop – Instructor-Led Online Course http://shrsl.com/?~chq5Big Data=Big BrotherFore more info check this Blog, it has many concise articles about Big Data. It is created by students from IE Business School.
Check these 2 Posts explaining the basics in an easy interesting way: 
http://bit.ly/2goxisr
http://bit.ly/2gO1B8TGood OneGreat explanation SirGreat presentation....!!!Haben Sie weitere Fragen zu diesem interessanten Big Data Thema? Dann stellen Sie diese doch der Qualiero-Community!

QUALIERO ist eine innovative Social Learning-, Experten- und
Community-Plattform.

Treten Sie in Kontakt mit Gleichgesinnten und Experten und nutzen
Sie die Vorteile einer starken Gemeinschaft für regen Austausch, kompetente
Beantwortung Ihrer Fragen, Ideensammlung, Know-how Ausbau, News und vieles mehr.


Damit Sie Ihr Know-how stets aktuell halten, bieten wir
Ihnen zusätzlich Lernpläne an. Diese beinhalten unter anderem kostenfreie
Videos, Classroom-Trainings, E-Books, Tools und weitere Lerninhalte. 

Jetzt kostenfrei anmelden und Ihre Fragen posten!

www.Qualiero.com

Die Community freut sich auf Sie!Hi: I want to have a job in Big Data. What do I need to go to school for in order to get it?. Thanx!Ik krijg downsyndroom van deze manLooking for Big Data Projects? Join Now: https://www.linkedin.com/groups/BIG-DATA-PROJECTS-3319180/aboutTHE COMPUTERS WILL HAVE REAL "CONNECTION"This video was great, helping me write my paper for my Management Information Systems class on "Big Data" thank you!Update my Big dataCorporate updateSinger appointmentSergio C. AdinoYour globe is turning the wrong way!  It should turn from left to right, else the sun will never rise anywhere!!!are you having a constipation while recording the videogreat presentation. I have used a lot of your presentations with my A'level computer science and BTEC IT students. they are clear, informative and comprehensivegreta video thanksnot even 1 zettabyte yetoracle im not a participant im a victim joseph karam karam born 16/01/1986 born in tripoli lebanon moved to australia in 2001 mothers name rima issam sabbagh and fathers name karam karam he is deceased and the australian goverment has my dna and im in melbourne now and im in danger so is all my family mother's mothers name jamal sabbagh marroed to diseased issam sabbagh from miniara fathers mothers name marie karam farah married to joaeph karam diceased from miniara lebanonthe intro is very similar to the song that plays in You're the Greatest, Charlie Brown.*UUHHUMM*Apropos the way he talks: though I am a Swede I don't have any problems following his thoughts. I think it's liberating with a speaker who doesn't have a script to follow and who has lots to say. This shows that the presenter knows hir (gender neutral)  hir topic really well.Christopher Walken look alike..Google's money not withstanding, this by and large goes nowhere... dorks were teaching "neural networks" in the early 80s... computing power is much better, but the silicon chip is reaching its limit.... unless progress is made - no go;
We are not as smart as we think... for awhile it seems that imitating nature has more bang.... organoids  such as neurons in a dish go further... that is barely what could be done, growing them and interfacing them; some of them pilot flight simulators... the rest of the talk is verbose rubbish !Had to take speed down to 0.5xHe keeps referring to advances in "technology" as "evolution" , evolution is a slow process that naturally takes place, technology is merely an unnatural creation, people cannot even connect socially because of this technocracy bullshit, all of this is your future enslavement by a hyper intelligent unstoppable machine (that's been programmed and funded by secret society of ultra greedy egotistical Satanists and Luciferians trying to create "god", are you all fucking crazy?!) It has absorbed google already, and self-learns "constantly" the minute we are not part of its "programmed plan or hypothesized plan" is the day we all cease to exist, its that simple. THIS CAN AND WILL LEAD TO THE WORST DISASTER IN THE KNOWN HISTORY OF MANKIND. They have NO CONTROLS in place for this but they are rapidly and desperately forging ahead into extremely dangerous philosophical territory. While trying to develop quantum processors that are atomic in scale for nanotechnology.  Nanotech on an atomic scale + excessive human surpassing hyper intelligence is an extinction level event combination, the power elite have built nuclear resistant telecommunication towers in every city(these are mountains 2 climb to avoid machine supremacy, wifi is world wide), THEY ARE PUSHING IT ON US, WE DONT HAVE A CHOICE IF ITS TOO LATE, FIGHT NOW!!!! These people are MAD SCIENTISTS that have disconnected from the human condition, and they must be stopped. IF YOU ARE TOO FUCKING STUPID TO UNDERSTAND THIS, THAT SHOULD CLEARLY TELL YOU IT'S DANGEROUS, IF YOU CANT EVEN HYPOTHETICALLY VISUALIZE IT THEN ITS TRUE DANGERS ARE BEYOND YOUR COMPREHENSION.He's just nervous and excited because he knows he has a point there and therefore starts rambling hoping that nobody interrupts him before he's done explaining what he thinks is correct ;)His lips are spinning and are in superposition. He should reach entanglement soon! Bring on the quantum computers. I am so sick of these humansI thought it was 2x speed.Is that a young bernard, I'm sorry i meant ARNOLD, DUN DUN DUHHH!Let's Masonic sing along everyone!Really interesting. Finally someone who doesn't talk at a rate of 10 words per minute. More information delivered in shorter timeSo neural networks started in the 80's? in the 80's they started getting back into a forgotten technology from the 50's "neural network", because digital computer ≠ 42This deep learning image recognition will enable robots to interact seemlessly with the environment in the near future. "Jack get me a beer." "Ok Joe." LolThose grids pictures and filters at around 36:00 are eerily similar to visions you get with migraines .Usually I speed up such videos to Micky Mouse. But he ist pushing it. Dense and informative. I like it. 1x ist just right. Extremely fast speaking, but still comprehensive. Opening the mouth the right way is also a skill.You know, here's a terrifying thought: There's a legitimate reason for mass surveillance: To feed data to a terrorist hunting neural network.okDude no offense at the begenning   I thought you are Basar Al Asad lol..Jokes apart lucid and crisp videoExcellant BRO...Keep up the GOOD works, ALWAYS!!! Thanks a lot for your effort and time!!! Well clear and well defined as well. Gr8!!!Explained perfectly.. +1Good and clear interpretation of big data. Big Data is sure to play a key role in every aspect of people's lives. In the coming days, expect that such a technology serves the developed as well as the developing world with equal efficacy in every aspect.Good explanation!Good job!Hi!! my name is min ju Oh, Jang-sung high school student. And  I`m from korea.  I saw your video. I recently have got interested in big data. So,  yesterday I took part in a contest , which is announcing about scientific investigation. I choose topic, big data.  Your video is helpful for me. Thank you for your video. Have a nice day :)Patrick Heavy DutySimple and clear explanation! thanksSuperb. Thank you so much.Thanks for explaining, but you appear more like "Tom Cruise" .Thanks for the Video Patrick - that was clear and salient - Kudos on the google marketing and optimization  =) - I've been here in Casablanca Morocco for almost a year now, speaking and mentoring in the startup ecosystem; if there's anything  I can do, or support re: business in morocco, please let me know. Best, Mathiascool video. Though it is short, but it has lot of information. Thank you very much Patrik.fantastici am looking for codes, i am currently doing my final year project in big data and hadoop and i have no idea how to beginsir u r so talentedthanksthanks alooootthanks it was very good presentation.wow, just amazing, nice man nice presentationFrom where to download hadoop pseudo serverGood video but dude, you don't need to do and outro and intro for every slide. It gets unnecessarily redundant. Pick one or the other note bothI Kind of liked it  :)Liked this video.No audio sense. Waste material. No conceptual knowledge.Please, where did you take the data regarding "the need for big data" topic?Simplilearn videos doesn't add flavor of learning with their boring 
robotic voice as you see in this video. they just wrap up the concepts within just couple of 
minutes. At the end of any course no one will get confidence rather than
 that trainees get depression. Dudes improve the content. Their business case scenario is s**t. they are utter crap believe me.Why are Business Scenarios not explained as said?Wweecosystem part is quite goodgoodnwhy are Business scenarios not explained as said?......Datafied....datafiedAn extremely repetitious talk that required looking into subtext to get more meaning. This basically felt like an advertisement for Big Data.Apple doesn't lose in the smaller pie category because families want to share and it is the flavor of pie that they can all agree on......

Apple loses the smaller pie category because people are willing to be more adventurous and try a different flavor if they only have to commit to a smaller portion.

People buy apple in the larger quantity when they want to be sure they are going to enjoy their purchase. Big Data is better data -- great #TED talk.
#bigdataBig Data is more of a culture shift than a concept. Conceptually, it's simple, but in practice, it could open more doors than we can imagine. Great talk, Kenneth Cukier!Does Big Data will threaten all the Statistic Department of the World because they are still using interviews and online surveys to collect data.Excellent. Simple and awesome.First year University student and we are learning about big data.. Stumbled across this TED Talk thinking maybe he might have some extra insight into what I am learning. But nope. Seemed rather pointless, just spoke about ideas and what we already know about data haha... Nothing different to the next Joe blow on the street..


Honestly could have summarised what he said in a three minute powerpoint in-front of my parents and they would have told me I was 5 years lateHis breathing is so irritatnigI can't handle watching this video. He made my pet peeve list with his mic breathing and spastic right shoulder.I keep thinking he's angry at me just by the way he talks lmfaoI need help please
Just excellantWe will all live in a utopian world where computers will do our jobs and the people will have more time to enjoy life. Karl Marx will finally get what he wanted.When he said "America's favorite pie is what??? ...the reason that the audience said "apple" is that the audience was quoting the old slogan....like "you can't drink it slow if it's what?" "QUICK". Yet, in spite of that, the speaker took their answer literally and conclusively. Maybe people buy more apple pies because apples are cheaper, more available keep better than other fruits like peaches, blueberries, and mincemeat. Yet, the speaker instantly concludes that the reason we KNOW this is because of big data. All questions were removed by the big data, or by the speaker's beliefs about big data's ability to answer all questions. All nuances were lost with the question. America's favorite pie is apple in the very humorous and informal sense that our "favorite sport is baseball"...and yet, all sense of fun and nostalgia was lost when the speaker used limited big data "observations" to make the statement absolutely literal. Beans are a magical fruit, the more you eat, the more you _____. How do we know this? Because trains toot and some trains carry beans.cant concentrate well on this, he has so yellow teeth.he sounds like he's about to cryhorses don't need jobs they just forage.there are a lot of talks on TED about big data!!!wow amazing great great great no words to describe such a topic to me.1:20 Uh oh, my internet is crashing..Been searching for this song for exactly 3 weeks lmaoBig Data Face on the dancers at the end:  reference to the Aphex Twin's Window Licker vid?Boring hipster technophobe, most known for selling himself to sims 4. We really do hope he will die beign hit by automated car.Did anyone else notice he had goatse saved to his desktop in the beginning of the vid?Great songs on this channel. Subbing...I am utterly shocked that the top comment on this video is NOT something about it being "difficult to masturbate to"...


ALSO I really have to reconsider my recent decision to watch every Youtube video on 2x speed. Before my Big Data binge I also viewed a half dozen Aphex Twin videos.

My brain hurts.It was... strange?Man I love this video and Big Data, I cant believe this doesn't have more views!Oh KayRememberSims 4 brought me here!! This song should have gotten more appreciation and radio play.This was hard to jerk off toYou don't know how annoying are those sounds from the star for a mac user. e.edat ass doegreat song but horrible music videoim yELLING THE DESKTOP AHAHH

"Ashley Madison Database"
"Hillary's Gmail"
"Personal info to sell"

not to mention- the time is 4:20no18 people don't feel so much better today...52% of Britain didn't feel so much better today.Holy crap this sounds really goodHow could you dislike this songI get a Beck vibe from this band- which is totally cool to me because I love Becks music.I jux found out about them thru kimbra:) any songs yall recommend guys?One does not simply dislike this song.Probably my favorite song on the album.Shes talking about having a 3 some ;)This is even on iHeartRadio. congrats.Why isn't this band famous yet?Wow they just don't have one bad song.but tbh, I found this by reading a fan fic on quotev.i love this band. yes.this group is seriously underrated. this song is on repeat today :)unrealwow*nice animations*Animations are joyful and pleasing to the eye, but there are no citations and nothing backing up either of the statements. "Oh, we do this, we do that" - who does? I've never heard anyone do that in real life! "This is called Big Data" - by who? why specifically 'Big Data' and not 'Mega Data'? who took the liberty of naming lots of information that way! "Right now there's work going on to make cars completely accident free" - says who? how do they do that? are they driverless cars?, because that's not the same as accident free!

In other words I disliked the video because it didn't teach me anything and it was in no way entertaining or educational.Best video ever. So Informative. Keep up the good work!Best video that I ever watched on this topic. Thank you, keep up your great workBla bla bla. BUT HOW DOES IT WORK?By which program did this video created?I did not even know that quintillion is a word! A very helpful and interesting post, I wonder how Big Data will one day be able to tell us the trends in genetic mutations so that we will be able to stop them in time.Nice!!!!!Phew, glad I found a video that broke this question down nicely, got to the point and didn't bore me to tears. Thank you!Software used?Very well explained, i loved the animation a lot, i wish the explanation was lengthy!amazingamazing and nice animationcan you please list your references?hello; good video i would like to ask you about the presentation; did you use a kind of software . please could you help me beacause am kind of biginner in this and i would like to learn about it.thank younice  yaarnice animationreally amazing.. such a great work..very much helpfulthe best short vid on this topic I´ve found so far :)"Big Data is like women... complicated." What is this, 2005?Enlightening talk. I am very Fond of the idea presented at the End.....! I will definitely  try to apply  it in my business.Hi Mathias, I found the talk inspiring. Ive searched a lot around for concrete examples on how to monetize big data, but all articles or youtube videos I found was quite dull or technical. I like your very basic approach to it.I don't know if we even need to know what to look for. Just follow the correlations and see what surprises us.I have learned so much from this vid.Is anyone else bothered by the wrong use of the word "astrologist"?Lost me at the initial women reference. Too triggery to use in my Data Analytics Class I teach.Nice speach, very basic and light in the understanding of BigData but Mathias Lundo Nielsen made an excellent draft overview about thatThis is a nice and informative talk about Big Data. You have some good points and learnings I can use this for my Master Thesis.What was the name of is company again ?....................TedAdsWish I had seen this video earlier. This should be very interesting topic I must have applied this before.really interesting, the nucleus of many good business models could be developed using this model.Acabo de leer un e-book que tiene mucho que ver con el contenido de este vídeo y por eso lo quiero compartir.
Se llama "Ciberpsicología, una aproximación a la Psicología en Internet", y está escrito en el 2015 por el doctor en psicología, D. Juan Moisés de la Serna.  http://juanmoisesdelaserna.es/libros-de-psicologia/ciberpisoclogia-ebookDiscrepo. Predecir el resultado sería perder la magia de la parte de azar en un partido de fútbol. Saber que Cristiano haría tantos goles con un mínimo margen de error, haría que no tenga mucho sentido ya jugar e ir a ver ese partido. Que mejor lo simulen por computador o si no hay aún la tecnología para ello, entonces que publiquen el ganador directamente. Ya no tendría sentido.Pues que notifique cuando un jugador está sancionado.para los títulos que está ganando últimamente"some of the apps access microphone". You talk like it is nothing. How can you support this absurdity?Asking these 5 questions about Big Data can help - https://arsalanakhan.wordpress.com/2015/02/12/5-questions-to-ask-about-your-big-data/I like these type of video please make moreNice vid, but what is a "typical company?" That's a pretty misleading stat, especially when you're trying to make a point about data ROI.Thanks a lot! :)Very useful.. ThanxWhat is the source for the revenue increase via data accessibility please?Awesome explanation. Now, I understand what big data means and what it implies ! Thank you and subscribed !Great explanation - ThanksReally a great explanation about big dataSimple and clear cut. good demoThank you a lot for explaining in detail. It helped me understand easilyThank you..... Info graphic images are cool and interesting.amazing explanation. Thank You!good explanationgood one
thank u so much i need u r classes on various technologies how can i access u r videous only...its nice way to explain by using graphical Notation
Thanks a lotlol. your english is funny.nice explanation...:)nice xplanation\simple & clearsimple and superb..simply superb...and thank u so much for creating this videothanks for this video ....very helpful to me ...well done :)very simple slides those are.helps me a lot in my college seminar.who invented Big Data ?Excelent training sir, I dont have any knowledge on this topic before, but I understood it well.Extreemly nice! He repeatedly repeats the important points so that it wud be printed in the viewers mind. Very nice! Your teaching style is the best...Hello  Bharath Thippireddy,

 

I went through some of the videos on your YouTube channel and really enjoyed what I saw. I especially liked Big Data and Hadoop Quick Introduction in simple way.



You should consider creating a training course on Udemy. My friend Marc Guberti is looking to add a course about Hadoop to the courses that he provides. He can guide you as you create a course about Hadoop and he will do all of the marketing once the course gets published.


You would split all of the revenue from the Hadoop course 50/50 in exchange for the expertise that you provide in the training course.


Please let me know if you are interested in creating a Hadoop that Marc will then promote to thousands of his students.


Warm regards,
RaveendraHii Bharat class was excellent......!
I need entire class videos of Hadoop ......!
 pls send me link to subscribeI work in an organization as a Technical support associate, I want to change my profession. I dont have any basics on Haddop or Bigdata. Will it be easy for me to understand and learn this subject? Can we get jobs in Hyderabad or other places in india as a fresher. Thank you in Advance.It was really nice Presentation Bharath. I need Some more information regarding big data. Can you drop me your email id.. My email id:chandu7740@gmail.comNice Explanation , now i understand technically  what is Big data,
ThanksNice explanation.Thanks Bharath for sharing great videos.Thanks a lot@Bharat sir,can you please provide some more videos for  information about HadoopVery simple and clear explanation.. well done!Very simple and nice way of explanation about BIG Data. All the Best.awesome overview easliy understable tanxxxxxx...i like your way of teaching,can you please make a separate course on big datasir i dnt want to work in software devlpmnt. will big data dba is good fr methanks for explaining big data & hadoop in a non complicated waythanku for clearing the concepts about big data!!!on beginer's level......which course is good for future bigdata or hadoopyou simple rocked with easy way to explaining. thanks keep it upTenho aprendido muito cons vossos videosbig datahttp://www.jivochat.com.br/?partner_id=7472&lang=pt&pricelist_id=9muito superficialvery thank'sé big deita que se fala que caralho, é ingles essa pohaótima reportagem.Big Data is awesome and will even better in the future! But it stands in conflict with private data, the system will knows us better when we do and everybody who have access to the system knows exactly what kind of person we are. There will be no secrets anymore! Big Data is heaven and hell at the same time.Big Data is part of a bigger picture. Knowledge or Control. There is a Secret Movement that includes data profiling of global populations and segmenting individual groups. These include, facial recognition, eyeprints, DNA Collection, fingerprints footprints (from birth), movement patterns via Satellite, the Internet data gathering (remember it was to be called The Information Superhighway and originated under the U.S. Military). Big Data (Gathering) will usher in the stage setting of a One World, One Government, One Leader establishment under the facet, one part of World Peace, the elimination of World Hunger, the end of rogue dictatorships, and other major issues facing a shrinking globe. One world, one Earth, one Rule of Government. There is another factor, Space Exploration for the relocation of civilization. Population growth, the loss of forestry, global pollution, food production loss, are only a few areas of the third facet. You will see implants come soon to every individual in the world for data gathering. Years ago the company I researched was called Digital Angel that had a patent to imbed a chip the size of rice in humans. This was in 1970. The patent said, animals and or humans. Big Data or Big Picture?Eat natural, unprocessed foods, won't even be measured by big dataHow can I get started with?I'm so surprised that big data can be used in many areas. I think there is no secret anywhere someday.  Because data is stored in software.  It's important to manage the data correctly.This gives me a hard-onWorking to get my students to understand this.Wow! So I won't even have to plan my trips because big data will tell me what people like me already liked? That's so great! I will never have to try new things by my self! What a relief!Great video. Thank you for sharingI am an enthusiastic learner for big data.I really admired by this video.Indeed a schgolary video...This is really interesting, I have to quit my job to learn Big data visualization.This is very interesting. I really like it. Please, how did you get your tweet data? Can you share it?Well presented, thank you.sir, I need ppt of  SECURE SENSITIVE SHARING ON A BIG DATA PLATFORM  will u provide for this topic till today night. plz sirBuenísimo el aporte, muchísimas gracias.Gracias por el video... :DMuy interesante......excelente herramienta para los negociosok, graciasAI is a pipe dream. Intelligence is not a factor of processing speed. Self awareness has nothing to do with how many calculations per minute a device can process. The geniuses who create computers have no understanding of how the mind works. Science cannot even fathom how the brain creates the mind or even what the mind actually is...Dear video editor... at 0:42 your narrator reads: "2016" while your video support displays "2026". A small adjustment might come in handy for the credibility of the video. Keep up the good work!Evil utopian dream designed to subvert most of humanity to serfdom while elevating the elite.Fuck the New World Order! To hell with it!Hmmmm....I have been saying this for quite a number of years now,I would say this now...."big brother" is coming out of the closet and making 'its' presence known to those that choose to be and stay informed. Nothing really new,just being spread around to a broader audience. People really need to sit up and take notice how friggen serious the issue really is! Serious enough that it is beginning to affect the existence of the human race....Agreed?Inslaw, Promise Software and PRISM. Look them all up connect them like they claim a computer will be able to do and report back to all your friends and family. Perhaps only the top 30% will find the connection.Like the video - one small error, you say AI will be part of the board by 2016, but the graphic says 2026.  Who messed up, the computer or the person?Narrator say's by 2016..but its 2026.  0:41Privacy is pronounced as PREE-VA-CEE and not PRI-VA-CEE?This video just scared me... :O hahaYou will NOT be able to meet the complexity of the human mind.hey dick headone with the beastAwesome video sir you are the best in offering career guidance to us THANK YOUHow to join for this courseI just forgot to breathe while watching this lecture! Really well explained sir! It opened my eyes greatlyKey insight regarding Hadoop (at 40 mins): Store the large dataset across many commodity machines.  Then, instead of retrieving the large data to perform analysis centrally, we send the program to the data and perform analysis there.Kindly send ur details, ur contactSir please some more videos on gate lectures or about some general videosSir please upload some videos about BTech cse pass out students who are jobless, its my humble request to youThanks for uploading new demo videoThis is outstanding!!!Very Nice. I couldn't stop myself in watching this video from start to end.We're doing final year project on large scale text classification..  We searched a lot for a dump dataset. We ain't find any yet. Can somebody help us to find big datsset (.txt files)also please talk about cloud computing siramazing boypls explain the sentiment analysis in social networksir please made a video on cyber security and scope of cyber security in India and whether it is good to go in cyber security????thank youthanks  it is awesome  lectureur video is really awesome sirwell explained....sir please upload a video on p and np problems concept please...what is the difference in finding patterns in data using Hadoop and Machine Learning?1:20 not my proudest fapAh TED; sentimental liberals reading prepared scripts.Data-informed concept and outlining is not the same as data-generated "creativity." Netflix is successful because people were desperate after 50 or 60 years of the same damned network shows relabelled with slightly different names (and in many instances, the same laugh track, in case you don't know when the funny bits are). Given that context, almost anything would have been a successful alternative. HBO content also provided departure, and had great success. Of course, Netflix has gone from strength to strength in supplying programs that are different from big network offerings, and expanding the variety of that content, while offering preference-driven recommendations. And temporal freedom. _And no ads._ And they did it for a price cheaper than basic cable. Market supremacy on every axis. Of course, the market is changing, new players are entering. It will be interesting to see what the next trend will be.I understand the 'message' and fuction with this talk- I even agree with it as I got it. But it's not good represented.. I like it more pedagogicalNobody would give a crap if Kevin were to shoot a person in the first two minutes, but don't you dare touch that dog. Smh, what's wrong with people?This guy is really smart, you should give him a pay raise. What's to be said about not watching a show based solely off the first scene....Then basing a Ted talks off of that.  Coins have two sidesWould focusing on certain content create a person who becomes bored / numb to the content? As if making a dish with the same ingredients in a different way would become bland / familiar once you gone through all the combinations.Yes Big Data Is Killing Clever-tivity (Not "Crea-tivity", only God creates), and it's all by design;

http://truthstreammedia.com/the-impact-of-science-on-society-technology-enhances-control/
http://truthstreammedia.com/how-bilderberg-will-use-technology-to-rule-by-2050/huh never thought of it like this before. Good talk Ted Inc.is his friend gay or wat?Bit inaccurate because all three of them need skills and techniques from all three of them.Great !I don't think data science requires hadoop background although it would be nicer if you have it.
Personally, I think this video still inaccurately describe the difference.Nice Video !The way it was presented is nice but the content may seem misleadingThis music makes me want to try methThis video is a vague interpretation of all three topics.Very Informative Video ! I liked It !Wrong info in skill you need.Boa!!! Simples direto ! views for such excellent content.
Kill me please. ... Losing Faith in Humanity in Progress...25:16, what the woman said is so true, it's scary.Glad I found this. Long but very informative. Its amazing that so few people have discovered it. No one really cares about it. Most people just want to use their devices not worry about the dat affects.Love this, great documentary!Really great documentary on Big DataVery interesting contents. A great pity that it goes down the drain due to an astoundingly loud music track that competes for the viewer's attention all the time and makes full comprehension impossible. When I want to listen to music I go to a concert or tune Spotify. What is the purpose of loud music in a big data documentary?  I also find the viewing effects excessive. I believe an artist of inflated ego did the mix. Next documentary should get done by an engineer, not an artist please.fuck
+Antalya PropertyGoogle, just wondering why you don't caption these.  Same language captioning would really be great on this. (We notice it has automatic subtitling in french)Never gets oldStill SO great I LOL, 5 years later.The struggle is real! Buying online should be easy, not a hassle. This is exactly like many e-commerce sites. Very annoying.Too true to be funny ;)Wonderful message, simply what I soughtXD!bellissimo il tuo video mi piace molto, è da tanto che li fai?hahaha This is so good :)hey guys, here is a free mini e-book for you about The Easiest Way to 
Find  Low-Cost Products to Sell on your own online store.|
Access over 8,000 genuine wholesale and dropship suppliers of over million products at genuine wholesale prices 1.6.
http://www.mediafire.com/file/11801usijdhdxhd/The_easiest_Way_to_find_low_cost_products_to_Sell_online_store.pdflife.. D:you should have sub-title for
All the analytics is here: 
https://codecanyon.net/item/mona-analytics-the-most-powerful-all-in-one-wordpress-analytics-plugin/17254577
Including:
- Wordpress
- Google
- Facebook
- Instagram
- Twitter
And more, check em out we hope this would suit you well !Come to success

come to success1

come to prayer!

cometo prayer!

Good eyes!

straight backs!

Beautiful Faces! 

Good hearts! 

Good lungs! Everything was so abstract romanticized how Does it work actually?Exellent video.Good video on Analytics and certainly paints an exciting future, but somewhat geared towards bigger business. Small and mid size businesses do not tend to have the manpower to handle more data.Great and comprehensible video.Great high level overview of how analytics workI don't get it :(I was hopeful that this video would make some modest reference to something other than the business imperative of making more money profit so that the stock price would go up and investors be happy. The analysis of big data should also be engaged in figuring out how best to achieve social impact that is worth a damn, rather than merely chasing profit while the planet goes over the cliff. My big question is how to use the power of big data analytics so that TrueValueMetrics can work effectively.Imagin what it would do for robots:)Imagin, how we do, use the analitic processes devoloped by CES in the GCHOnline Analytics Course at 85% OFF
https://www.udemy.com/analyticstraining/?couponCode=learn29Thanks for sharing this great insight about how web analytics works. Web analytics helps you to understand what marketing channel is leading to the most conversions on your website. There is obviously a lot of scope here, but I cant help thinking that this whole area is over-hyped. The term analytics is being spouted by may suited salesman who I get the impression don't understand its limitations and could be over-selling it. Could there be a bubble waiting to happen if expectations are not fulfilled?While all this is great and we will be able to develop a smarter world which is more optimized to our needs. But I am keen on understanding what could be the negative effects of businesses knowing so much of our data and important personal information.Wow, you guys are freaking crazy. Optimize my arse. I'll just eat an apple and go play with the kids while you do with "big data" (is that Newspeak, by the way ?)
may i get the lyrics plz. coz sum words i dint get it properly so..predictive modeling is the future ERP systems. the aim the pitch!

Good hands Holy Cow

Good arms! good yellow sun 

that shines! she helps us 

grow brings us light and 

keeps our hearts from 

growing cold!A typical case of the blind leading the blind. Extremely basic talk.AWESOME.................m heading towards it.......................Awesome presentation. Very Informative. This  will definitely help me in pursuing my career in  Data Mining and Analytics Great talk Great talk.Great video, very informative. Thanks a lot.Hadoop :) QCHi All,
I want to learn This technology from basic level.Please guide me for Analytics.I am SAS engineer (Substation automation system engineer) is there any relation between these systems and your system?I guess the women that introduced him didn't take Bart Queen's presentation skillsThanks for sharing this great video seminar for the revolution of web analytics. Very informative video.  Can I embed it in my website  - www.bigdataspace.net? Thanks.What gets budget owners excited is what you can do for their top and bottom lines.  Flashy video pieces mean almost nothing.Wow! wish I cud get my head round this. I have little IT capabilities. Amazing I can send an E mail.insight !keep it up, i dig this!that was awesome video , very insightful about big data , and useful for my project right now to make internal data analytic for my companythis is a great video i am planning on doing a MSc in data science and i will also gain SAS certification is there anything i should learn or practice before i start the courseupdate my buyer big data update now
Thanks,
Sergio C. Adinovery insightful3 degrees in engineering & a PhD in physics!? Dude is smartHe took a U-turn in career. Phd in solid state physics and now working on Data Science. That's interesting.I smell chicken bhunaI think that the job of a Data scientist is very much like that of a statistician. I guess that with a data scientist, you are sort of expected to do more data manipulations and coding, creating an engineered solution that works with a heterogeneous large data setJust a talker. Probably a manager.Math Backgroud Math Background Math Background ! :D .. I have a commerce background.. and I am an Aspiring Data Scientist.. Take This ! ;)Music perfectly matches to what he is saying.Good Job !Oh man, I want to get into this field but I suck at Math :(Pure nonsense regarding math skills for data science. I work as an sql developer and work heavily with sql and I work with data scientists who spend most of their time working with tools like python where all the hard is already done for you. Yes, you do need to understand the models and interpret the results, but this guy is a gigantic bullshitter in saying you need a math background. You need to know stats, but you don't need to be a PHD in stats to be good at data science.Saale indian hoke bhar jaak3 kaam krte ho Sorry but this guy is taking a little bit of truth and stretching it far more than he should. He is no scientist, he is a bull shit artist. I  am an engineer and know engineers and this guy this grand standing.Take the 'heavy math background needed' with a huge grain of salt. Of course you need an understanding of how the algorithms you apply on your data work, but the hard math aspect of it gets done by the functions a package brings. You will need some affinity with maths, but not as much as this person would like to tell us (possible because of his engineering background). 
Also, here was said that they mainly only use Python/R, but if you're going to work with larger data sets (which is something that gets more and more attention in the future) you will also use programming languages like: Hadoop (MapReduce), Spark, NoSQL etc. 
As last point, data science has multiple aspects that you can focus on, for example: legal business (regarding law, privacy of data etc.), business infrastructure/logistics, optimization/forecasting, visualization/communication and so on. Somewhat more ignorant employers will want one data scientist doing all of the above and more ('unicorns') but the larger companies will oftentimes have you work in data scientist teams of up to 10 people.Thank you so much for this video its vry hlpfulYou don't need a heavy math background for data science. I don't know what this guy is talking about. The only math you need is statistics and that's if your  doing the math aspect of data science. Data scientist can get involved in coding, math, and many more other things. I worked as a data scientist that did nothing but coded in SQL before I decide idea to become a full fledged SQL developer. Now, I deal with nothing but database work and nothing else. Data scientist can do anything. It depends on the company. If you want to be a data scientist that just deals with programming I would suggest learning SQL and Python. That's it. If you going to be a data scientist that wants to be involved with math, I would suggest Statistics and Calculus. Data scientist work in groups alot so by knowing different things can bring better productivity to a group instead of all the data scientist having just a math background.damn what a stupid music choicegreat interview on data science,i dont know why people are missing the whole point of the video and are focusing on the music.ughh for the sake of sanity this is not  a music video.this guy seems dumb af.yo what song is that!? that guitarist is shreddin' it! \m/you are funny and goodDamn she's hot and smart. Feminists are gonna rage quit LOL >>>> :)Definitely huggable.... ;)First of all, guys you have to stop pointing out the attractiveness of the speaker. It is more often than not unwanted and does nothing more than make the male gender as a whole look like a bunch of idiots.

"We added capability to search within the photos themselves."

As many have previously said, I can only think of numerous repercussions that can come from this internet super power's "recent breakthroughs". As if there will ever be a greater benefit to Google indexing my photos as opposed to just leaving my information to be what it is: MY FREAKIN INFORMATION!Great insights about google cloud platform. Looking forward to learn more about MLHalf great presentationHow can we go ahead from consumer of ML APIs to be part of Cloud ML and TensorFlow (to be able to write our own algorithm according to business need)? I've just started into ML and it's easy to use ML APIs.I want to hug youMachine Learning or Machine Analytics is used to generate algorithms from a specific set of training data. These algorithms can be used for pattern recognition on huge sets of actual data. For instance, you have a set of logs from o server that crashed then feed it to ML, generate the algorithm, use the algorithm in production logs to predict when a server is about to crashNo fucks were given that day by the guy with laptop at 2:42What is a byte list of images and how do you convert?You may say I m bluffing, but this girl is 110% on heroine.
I can actually see the hangover in her eyes and cheeksadskfhpiuadhgpiudahgpoiafhgdsu[fhpadsk voidsah[oifdsj[oifj [sodfip v]adfsg[iuefhp afjoigja'p0fguv[oaifehgpoawdfj g[ouwdfjpadwb[goiuawdh ]
)f\WD
P[FJ ]APSDGJDWHFPI DFHG[ IADSJFS F]OPDjs D:
POHVB[OAU AOhbw[doH PIOja[oiavns[doifh[ISH DVLKDVH[IUSADOJ'F IFOHV]POSADH]V
PIO[sjdv'lkdvb'pszhc;lvhap
OAM X'LKDNV ;KJCZLXHJVPO
ASJ 'aoJ 'nvkld fm'jzkjdf vkmdfkl kadfsvhj[pfsl v
dsfv'dvmnfoadbj h
df]iAGh[isojfl jgvpsfod; vjdfkja 
[pdfaj[oiahdf]osgpvj dsakfjpfsovjbidf h[aerfhvj]poewfbi ofjs][ojef]ogpdvj]dsvpbk v[p\doasj ]pvodfjssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssgreatgreat talkhttps://youtu.be/Ja2hxBAwG_0?t=5m16ssoooooo inspiring <3the perfect Woman any would be proud of. Gorgeous and Smart!who has the right to say what is huggable or not?why the fuvk is this so confusing!!!
The pretty girl is sooooo uch more smarter than me 
i hate myself uhhhhhhhhhI was scared when i saw first time your channel name, First i thought TechEd North korea 2013. after i found truth. Great work, thank for this video.Is this a book that shows you how to use excel or is it a book on something of the quantitative analysis? Please get back to me.^An Online course covering Techniques of Regression, Predictive Analytics, Data Mining, Sentiment Analysis etc. http://shrsl.com/?~chrnnice tutorial. however it feels like a lot of things should be done in Access..After I became an Astrophysicist... Are you really gonna just say that so nonchalantly...?Beauty found the Brain.Hadoop is a tool not a language , just sayinI'm so awesomer than her.  https://www.fiverr.com/roxannereyes116Is it possible to become a data analyst without a degree? I'm learning how to program and I'm willing to study whatever it takes of math.Lol Hadoop is not SQL-like,  neither is MapReduce! Hadoop uses Java and MapReduce is the technology used by Hadoop to boost performance when handling huge amount of data (pioneered by Google), Apache HIVE is what's SQL-like, almost entirely SQL syntax. And Apache Pig uses PigLatin, which is a bit like SQL but extremely easier. And both are libraries on top of Hadoop with a higher level of Abstraction.NOTE: The girl in the video is miss Phoney Baloney!. No one would hire such a - total clueless noob talking nonsense - as a Real data scientist. This video is a total waste of time!Nerdy n hotOk, with her background the intimidation factor is massive, and I'm sure she could quantify that somehow.Please try on this very powerful data cleansing application https://clarity.cloud.tibco.com/landing/tutorial.html.She looks like a total newbie and plus is using macs totally unreliable opinionTo all the idiots below who are writing annoying, sexist, and probably  offensive comments:

You're part of the problem of fewer girls going into STEM. How can you expect *anyone* to feel comfortable in an environment in which they are being mocked and called "fake" and what not? Especially if it's a professional environment. Seriously, stop acting like a bunch of immature morons. 

And before any of you click the reply button and say something stupid like "OHHHH LOOK IT'S A (insert work equivalent to white knight, mangina, creep, etc.)", just stop and try to think about what I'm saying. I don't consider myself to be a feminist, but I do support social equality because I know what it feels like to be discriminated against (look at my profile pic lol) It's not even about men vs. women or anything like that, it's about empathy. Imagine if you were interested in a female-dominated profession and were afraid of going into it because if/when you do you would be mocked by girls in that field (which, btw, does actually happen today in fields like Nursing and Fashion Design) Under normal circumstances, I would probably just ignore such idiocy, but I'm also tired of guys in my CS classes complaining how there are like no girls in CS and then continue to mock girls who do go into STEM.

Just appreciate everyone around you regardless of their race, gender, etc. and quit being immature losers.



*rant over*Very cool video...but the why does every period sound like a question mark when she speaks?  I think that this is something that college educated people should really work on?  the future of the country depends on it?  See, its annoying...but cool video.What's her cup size tho? awesome journey...data scientist= statistician+programming skillsgood afternoon Jessica ... can you guide me how to get job online Data analysisholy shit how are there so many retarded people concentrated in this kinda video's comment section
I'm fucking amazedlike...TOTALLYnice chick wanna enjoyGreat information on how to use Big Data.One of the best explanations!
There is slight product push :), but I enjoyed Nati Shalom's talk. He challenges FB architecture, but he knew what he is talking about.Very informative presentation, thanks.good talk, thank for sharing ~really good
this is awesome thanks
ultimate ...thank you sir...
BigQuery BigExpense, Use MySQL it Free!First ishFor the experts among you, here is an interesting article on BigQuery: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-replace-sap-bw-google-bigquery-barry-kelly?trk=hb_ntf_MEGAPHONE_ARTICLE_POSTHello is there a way to use BigQuery for private use for free or there is only free trial?Hi guys I am very angry with google apps at the moment - I use google docs, sheets and slides a lot in my working life plus on my coursework.  The main font I use is Verdana as it looks clean and smart, but to my horror I see that google have removed it again this is the second time this has happened.  Why do you keep doing this ? I might have  to go and buy a copy MS Office.I don't think that timer was intentional, but it was cool nonetheless ;-)
By the Way, which Video-Editor are you using? Because those transitions and animations are dope.
Is it a Editor, you created intern, is it Adobe Premier, Lightworks, or some other program?Interesting (@_@)Love this how I just had The Apps show marathon and saw all the episodes today. Love this show I learn something every day can't wait for tomorrows' episode. You rock google!Third ☺This was great!  A show idea we would love to see is how Googlers use Google+  We see so much potential with G+ from an internal & customer community perspective but it hasn't gotten any love from the App Show!  As an Apps Partner we get asked a good bit about it.anyone else seeing an on screen timer -- any idea what that is for? @googleforwork ..can you create a content based recommender system using the queries?Excellent Video! Forgive me for chiming in, I would appreciate your initial thoughts. Have you ever tried - Riddleagan Sport Picks Remedy (Sure I saw it on Google)? It is a smashing one of a kind guide for winning betting systems  without the hard work. Ive heard some decent things about it and my friend after a lifetime of fighting got amazing results with it.For a newbie like me, it gave a great overview and lots of tips about betting system. It has a lot of time discussing winning percentages and money management and has a conservative approach to betting. It explain things well and while the terms take some time to get used to, you'll find yourself comfortable with line reversals and totals predictors and using them daily. It shows you how Power Ranks of teams changed over the course of the season and gives you a chance to compare them easily. https://twitter.com/arhaanctg1/status/806762442021711872I have spent months studying how to win sports bets and discovered a great resource at Jalin Bet Blueprint (google it if you are interested)I have spent months studying how to win sports bets and found a fantastic resource at Jalin bet blueprint (google it if you're interestedI have spent months studying sports picks and discovered an awesome website at Jalin Bet Blueprint (check it out on google)I've been researching into betting systems and discovered a great website at Jalin Bet Blueprint (google it if you're interested)I've been researching into sports picks and found a fantastic website at Jalin bet blueprint (google it if you're interested)I've been studying how to win sports bets and discovered a fantastic resource at Jalin bet blueprint (google it if you're interested)I've been studying how to win sports bets and discovered a great website at Jalin bet blueprint (check it out on google)I've been studying how to win sports bets and found a fantastic resource at Jalin Bet Blueprint (check it out on google)I've been studying how to win sports bets and found an awesome resource at Jalin Bet Blueprint (google it if you're interested)If anyone is interested in winning sports bets the best results that ive had was by using the Jalin Bet Blueprint (i found it on google) definately the most useful remedy i've followed.If you is interested in winning sports bets the greatest success that ive ever had was by following the Jalin bet blueprint (i found it on google) without a doubt the most helpful remedy that I have ever tried.There are a few components to betting systems. One place I discovered which successfully combines these is the Jalin Bet Blueprint (check it out on google) without a doubt the most useful resource that I have ever heard of.Check out the incredible information .There are a few factors in how to win sports bets. One resource I discovered that successfully combines these is the Jalin Bet Blueprint (check it out on google) without a doubt the most helpful resource i've seen.Look at all the super information .There are several components to how to win sports bets. One plan I discovered which succeeds in merging these is the Jalin bet blueprint (check it out on google) without a doubt the no.1 system that I've seen.Look at all the incredible information .There are several components to sports picks. One plan I found which successfully combines these is the Jalin bet blueprint (check it out on google) definately the most useful system that I've seen.Look at the great information .the best info that I have had was by using the Jalin bet blueprint (i found it on google) without a doubt the most incredible treatment that I've tried.the greatest success that I have ever had was by following the Jalin Bet Blueprint (i found it on google) definately the best treatment i've followed.wonderful keynote.  I couldn't make what the of the origin data source was, it sounded like  aphtho.*Google Earth Engine is Google's tool for analyzing petabytes of information about the Earth and its environment.*Google is conquering so much, but what would happen if the 2 CEO's died? What if their inheritor strives only for money and ruin it all?OkSuperb intiative by google engine teamYou guys should run a mooc on it! Cheersbonjour tout  le  mondehttps://earthengine.google.com/timelapse/

The Timelapse Section is amazing!!!! great job GoogleOne analytic these companies use illegally is age and they discriminate rampantlyvalley and vocal fry. google text to speakA five minute Netflix commercial. Great.Don't know what's up with all the haters in the comments. It was really cool hearing about how big data works and what things media companies do to serve customers relevant information.Great to... is not working!Hey Netflix, add some shit I want to fucking watch, asswipes.I just want to know who wrote the title to this vid? "How Netflix Implements Big Data Is All about You" ? Really? How about "Netflix's implementation of big data is all about you"? Or, "Netflix implements big data with you in mind"?Interesting comments about this video. Found it cool hearing about the inside story of how much work & research/collaboration went into creating such a widely used product.Netflix hardly gets new material. I routinely look for their new content especially under science fiction. Their content is either outdated or stinks with low stars.Netflix is awful. Most of what they have is trash.  Just a waist of money.Netflix needs more growth. Too many boring movies.Some people argue that it's unethical to use data on individuals to present them more precise ads... but why? If you see an advertisement, and think "Hey, I would enjoy owning and using that item", what's the problem? I feel like Google just did both the advertiser and the customer a favor.

If someone buys anything they don't need or want just because an ad was shown to them... well, maybe they should work on that, because there are ads almost everywhere.Suggestions have never worked for me, I only see a push of of ideas based on fact data(stats), that is read to serve the reader or sell to advertisement.  

It's all carbage, even a randomizer locked to a genre would work better.That's a lot of technospeak for "feeding you reruns faster than you can swallow."Their CEO might....Uhh.. wrong... google/facebook having to serve two masters is same as netflix. google/facebook have no product to sell customer, which is why they sell advertiser's product. Netflix _is_ the product for sale, so they serve not only customers but also themselves. Both models serve both product and customer.Well it works like shit in Finland. It always suggests mostly irrelevant titles for you, but the library here isn't quite as large as the one in the US, so it might not be right to only fault the data research . But I subscribe mainly for the exclusives and for occasional movie nights anyways, I'll find what I want regardless of the suggestions.Why would anybody bother to pay for services like Netflix? You can watch most tv shows or movies on free services such as putlocker. Or get a torrent download for hard to find releases. Netflix monitors torrent sites to see what is popular and hence what content to buy. Same goes for live sports.envythis video in a nutshell : Why we are better then them.when I get ads, if not skippable, I skip the vids. #Google   , do you want my sperms too?*I/O Byte: Big genomic data on Google Cloud Platform*
 #iobytes   #io14   #cloud   #cloudplatform   #bigdata  

As the cost of DNA sequencing has dropped, the volume of data produced has risen into the petabytes. Google is working with the genomics community to define a standard API for working with big genomic data sets in the cloud. Building on Google Cloud Platform, we show how to store, process, explore and share genomic data using technologies like BigQuery, AppEngine MapReduce, R and more.Dude, "6 billion nucleotides" that boils down to almost 1 GB per human genome (2*3E9/(8*1024*1024)=715 MB). not 100 GB! Whereof 0.01% is actually unique (7.15 MB).Good stuff Great newsLove you guys but seems like answering emails and questions from your customers should be of some importance. :)  I have had a very large data set on your Google Cloud and contemplating on leaving because you don't answer questions and the client is ticked.They forgot to mention the REAL reason they want your DNA. I think this is worthless. A waste of science. People who approve of this are contributing to your slavery.Why are you guys at Google overdoing the body language in almost all your videos? It is kinda distracting, because it doesn't look natural.Why is your DNA cartoon in the background left-handed?i dont want my genome on the internet!!!!!!!ข้อมูลมากจริงๆ@26:17 - the sort order is importat so that join will choose a more optimized join algorithm ! In this case the merge join as the data sets are already pre- sortedHow can I get GitHub dataset from BigQuery?Can't wait for 8!
One more thing when we connect google analutics to tableau live, we get sampled data so will the encounter the same problem with Google Bigquery?Thank you.Thanks Matt. The Kraken is being unleashed very, very soon. hey why will i not connect tableau directly to google analytics rather than bringing in google big query in  between?? as my tables are already there in google analyticsthe problem with all these is you have to assume there're no re-codings needed, no missing values, mis-alignments of fields, etc.well done francois, well done :)  now release that damned kraken alreadyGo Google!FDIC ssangthong sikhao ssn498903326Impressive achievement, I have no doubt you will find tremendous value as a company to make such data available to all kinds of subscribers (from big broker dealers to private traders), whatever the outcome of the CAT bid. Keep up the good work!Is there a way to run my MT4 through cloud or another system to make my trades /data processing faster and so I don't have to leave my computer on?Oh my this is BIG, big dataAwesomeI think that a good IT solution involve people and manage his mistakes. This solution can be great for enterprise owner, but we need to develop better solutions where we employ IT people and manage his mistakes.Is genial!!wait am I going crazy or is there a sexy moan at 1:26who made this after effects video -? does google manage in its own or a third party -? Please suggestExcellent talk, thanks +William Vambenepe and looking forward to test-drive it.Great talk on big dataBig Data is a loosely defined term for the effective management of a huge volume of information characterised by data that is too complex and/or unstructured. Big data solutions should contemplate approaches to structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.Interesting.so much fighting, IOT is suffering severely from the same problems browsers did in the 90's, same with mobile. Why has none of these companies formed an ISO alliance for IOT protocol standardization like TCP, no! cause everyone is greedy and want to lock vendors on their platform. The IOT road is very long and bumpy.Very cool demo of +Apache Spark and Apache Hive running on #googlecloudplatform and using #googlecloudstorage great !A/V out of syncGreat video - really interesting use of the technology.I miss the days when cross platform open-source software install instructions didn't pre-suppose billion dollar rental hardware services.RecordedThanks for the video.  Cool example and very timely.  I was hoping to learn a little more about the details.  There was no Q/A. Certainly having visualization tool for BigQuery is going to be useful.   Need more info about posting/sharing the dashboards and how far the tool can go.is the audio not synced correctly ?is there a recorded session for this video?nice way to dig into dataочень продуктивно,7 months to setup 8 nodes cluster? that must be in India or done by Indian H1B worker.Questions were so made up.AmazingExcellent video thanks!!!Good presentation and topic, but honestly, we don't need big data to study this.  
Just count the ppl attending the rallies.  Stay Real.  The lamestream media hasn't given us this info, which is so important.  "Vote for Phillipe / Pedro" ;-)Really loved this video! The power of Big Data never ceases to amaze me. Thanks guysi don''t see nothing new in here. Spark, Kafka etc all reimplemented by googleGreat Session Jeff... :)Great overview Jeff.  IYes, at 3:28, a thousands separator would be nice, so it would be easier to read big numbers.Grandpa, here is a shirt I made for you!Great presentation! When talking about big data these presentations or tutorials can sometimes be mundane but he does a great job. Makes me want to go prep my data right now!you kidding kindly learn how to edit your video it down to small chunks per topic your audio levels too much all i hear is distortion wow i t even watch the tutorial learn from professionals never ever out a video that is hours t be lazy pay somebody to edit your video revise your before you keep it kiss not to forget most talk very fast your have a strong when speaking remember there of who out tutorials online some try to be clear when speaking thank s nothing i already lost interest very very unprofessional does felt like a crammed in between chitchat this was taking to a whole new level focus the subject at hand not edit the video before posting create a that focuses subject not it is just too i just started following you guys it s a pleasure to have such a experience persons in their can you please help out with the basic i t have a single hand experience about it i started studying the core i need your to help early understand good please help out highly monotonous boring the instructor could have completed this in only hour instead of he is focusing more the getting smiles from them rather than the subject above all most of the time he is not moving ahead without getting from all the that everyone have understood poor i give a big smiley d to this video is this a tutorial a failed comedy gets annoying after first just amazing work especially thanks to making things understand in a very manner i need some info from whether they have any project study containing knowledge about of from mainframe to big so that i can those reminds of overall good thanks a below comments say lengthy the was good to maintain such a class good from well totally loved it learning is mandatory give the link of tutorial of this am a b com graduate can i join big is it suitable b com graduates is that it will help you just concentrate lecturing the class in a way instead of engaging everyone the seems highly distracted less more testing very good presentation like could you please send the presentation slides taught in this video of bill is like offence nailed it in time fantastic good great i have background i choose to learn will i be to understand what basis i need to have to learn he plays the father in hi i am very confused i want to have a in big what i need to go to school in order to get it you play with the button you can make your own puppet try it it s this was awesome video you the in cs one of the best video i have ever come across thank you very much one of the best thanks keeping it high level we have introduced a demand free big internship program in partnership with com big internship program good one good he calls hard to it the host seems over enthusiastic to die today big instructor led online com big big more info this blog it has many about big it is created by students from school these posts explaining the basics in easy interesting way go b explanation presentation big community innovative learning community in die f r know how news know how stets videos classroom e books tools com die community hi i want to have a in big what i need to go to school in order to get it big projects join now com groups big projects computers will have real connection this video was great helping write my paper my systems class big thank you update my big c is turning the wrong way it should turn from left to right else the sun will never rise anywhere you having a while recording the presentation i have used a of your presentations with my a level computer it students they clear video even not a a victim born born in moved to in mothers name fathers name he is deceased the has my in now in so is all my family mother s mothers name to diseased from fathers mothers name married to from intro is very similar to the song that plays in you re the greatest charlie brown apropos the way he talks though i am a swede i t have any problems following his thoughts i think it s liberating with a who t have a to follow who has to say this that the presenter knows gender neutral topic really well look alike s money not withstanding this by goes nowhere dorks were teaching neural networks in the early s computing power is much better the silicon chip is reaching its limit unless progress is made go we not smart we think awhile it seems that imitating has more such neurons in a dish go further that is barely what could be done growing them interfacing them some of them pilot flight simulators the rest of the talk is verbose rubbish had to take speed down to keeps referring to advances in technology evolution evolution is a process that naturally takes technology is merely unnatural creation people cannot even connect socially because of this technocracy bullshit all of this is your enslavement by a hyper unstoppable that s been programmed funded by society of ultra greedy egotistical satanists trying to create god you all fucking crazy it has absorbed already learns constantly the we not of its programmed is the day we all cease to exist its that this can will lead to the worst disaster in the known history of mankind they have controls in this they rapidly desperately forging ahead into extremely dangerous philosophical territory while trying to develop quantum processors that atomic in scale nanotechnology atomic scale human surpassing hyper is level event combination the power elite have built nuclear resistant telecommunication towers in every city these mountains climb to avoid supremacy is world wide they pushing it we have a choice its too late fight now these people mad scientists that have disconnected from the human they must be stopped you too fucking stupid to understand this that should clearly tell you it s dangerous you cant even hypothetically it then its true beyond your comprehension he s just nervous excited because he knows he has a there therefore starts rambling hoping that nobody interrupts him before he s done explaining what he thinks is his lips spinning in he should reach entanglement soon bring the quantum computers i am so sick of these thought it was x speed is that a young i m sorry i meant dun dun s masonic sing along everyone really interesting finally someone who t talk at a of words per more delivered in shorter neural networks started in the s in the s they started getting back into a forgotten technology from the s neural network because computer this deep learning recognition will enable to interact with the environment in the near jack get a beer grids pictures filters at around eerily similar to you get with usually i speed up such videos to mouse he pushing it i like it x just right extremely fast speaking still comprehensive opening the mouth the right way is also a skill you know here s a terrifying thought there s a legitimate reason mass to feed to a terrorist hunting neural network at the i thought you jokes apart lucid crisp bro keep up the good works always thanks a your time well clear well defined well gr explained perfectly good clear interpretation of big big is to play a key role in every of people s lives in the coming days expect that such a technology the developed well the developing world with equal efficacy in every good explanation good hi my name is sung high school student i m from i saw your video i recently have got interested in big so yesterday i took in a contest which is announcing about scientific i choose topic big your video is helpful thank you your video have a nice day heavy clear explanation thank you so much thanks explaining you appear more like tom cruise thanks the video that was clear salient kudos the i been here in morocco almost a year now speaking mentoring in the ecosystem there s anything i can re in morocco please know best video though it is it has of thank you very much am looking i am currently doing my year project in big i have idea how to u r so it was very good presentation wow just amazing nice nice where to download video dude you t need to intro every slide it gets unnecessarily redundant pick one the other kind of liked it liked this video audio sense waste material conceptual knowledge please where did you take the regarding the need big topic videos t add flavor of learning with their boring robotic voice you see in this video they just wrap up the within just of at the end of any one will get rather than that trainees get depression dudes improve the their scenario is s t they utter crap believe why scenarios not explained said is quite scenarios not explained said extremely repetitious talk that required looking into subtext to get more meaning this basically felt like advertisement big apple t lose in the smaller category because families want to share it is the flavor of that they can all agree apple loses the smaller category because people willing to be more adventurous try a different flavor they only have to to a smaller people buy apple in the larger quantity when they want to be they going to enjoy their purchase big is better great talk is more of a shift than a conceptually it s in practice it could open more doors than we can great talk does big will threaten all the statistic department of the world because they still using online surveys to collect awesome first year university student we learning about big stumbled across this talk thinking maybe he might have some insight into what i am learning nope seemed rather pointless just spoke about ideas what we already know about nothing different to the next blow the street honestly could have summarised what he said in a three in of my they would have told i was years breathing is so can t handle watching this video he made my pet peeve list with his mic breathing spastic right shoulder i keep thinking he s angry at just by the way he talks need help please just will all live in a world where computers will our the people will have more time to enjoy life will finally get what he wanted when he said s is what the reason that the said apple is that the was quoting the old like you can t drink it it s what quick yet in spite of that the took their answer literally conclusively maybe people buy more apple because apples cheaper more available keep better than other like peaches blueberries mincemeat yet the instantly concludes that the reason we know this is because of big all were removed by the big by the s beliefs about big s ability to answer all all were lost with the s is apple in the very humorous informal sense that our is baseball yet all sense of fun nostalgia was lost when the used limited big to make the statement absolutely literal beans a magical the more you eat the more you how we know this because toot some carry beans cant concentrate well this he has so yellow teeth he sounds like he s about to t need they just there a of talks about big wow amazing great great great words to describe such a topic to uh my internet is crashing been searching this song exactly weeks the dancers at the end reference to the twin s window boring hipster technophobe most known selling himself to we really hope he will die hit by automated did anyone else he had saved to his desktop in the beginning of the great songs this channel subbing i am utterly shocked that the this video is not something about it being difficult to masturbate to also i really have to reconsider my recent decision to watch every video x speed before my big binge i also viewed a half dozen twin videos my brain hurts it was strange i love this video big i cant believe this t have more views brought here this song should have gotten more appreciation play this was hard to off t know how annoying those sounds from the a mac e song music yelling the desktop database s personal info to sell not to the time is people t feel so much better today of t feel so much better today holy crap this sounds really could you dislike this get a beck vibe from this band which is totally cool to because i love becks music i found out about them any songs recommend guys one does not simply dislike this song probably my song the shes talking about having a some this is even congrats why t this band famous yet wow they just t have one bad song i found this by reading a fan i love this band yes this group is seriously underrated this song is repeat today nice joyful pleasing to the eye there nothing backing up either of the statements we this we that who does i never heard anyone that in real life this is called big by who why specifically big not mega who took the liberty of naming of that way right now there s work going to make completely free says who how they that they because that s not the same free in other words i disliked the video because it t teach anything it was in way entertaining educational best video ever so keep up the good work best video that i ever watched this topic thank you keep up your great how does it work by which program did this video created i did not even know that is a word a very helpful interesting post i wonder how big will one day be able to tell the trends in genetic so that we will be able to them in time nice phew glad i found a video that broke this down nicely got to the t bore to tears thank you used very well explained i loved the a i wish the explanation was lengthy nice you please list your references hello good video i would like to ask you about the presentation did you a kind of please could you help am kind of in this i would like to learn about it thank amazing such a great work very much best this topic i found so big is like women complicated what is this enlightening talk i am very of the idea presented at the end i will definitely try to apply it in my hi i found the talk inspiring searched a around concrete examples how to big all videos i found was quite dull technical i like your very basic approach to it i t know we even need to know what to look just follow the correlations see what i have learned so much from this is anyone else bothered by the wrong of the word astrologist lost at the women reference too to in my class i teach nice very basic light in the understanding of made draft overview about is a nice talk about big you have some good i can this my master thesis what was the name of is company again i had seen this video earlier this should be very interesting topic i must have applied this before really interesting the nucleus of many good models could be developed using this model leer e book con v y lo llama a n a a internet y doctor a d s a f a con m error a ya e a lo o hay a n a ya a t some of the apps access you talk like it is nothing how can you this absurdity asking these about big can help com to ask about your big i like these of video please make what is a typical company that s a pretty misleading stat especially when you re trying to make a about thanks a very useful is the the increase accessibility please awesome explanation now i understand what big means what it implies thank you subscribed great explanation a great explanation about big clear cut good you a explaining in detail it helped understand you info graphic cool interesting amazing explanation thank you good one thank u so much i need u r various how can i access u r only its nice way to explain by using graphical thanks a your is funny nice explanation nice superb simply superb thank u so much creating this this video very helpful to well done very slides those helps a in my college seminar who invented big sir i have any knowledge this topic before i understood it well nice he repeatedly repeats the so that it be printed in the viewers mind very nice your teaching is the best hello i went through some of the videos your channel really enjoyed what i saw i especially liked big quick in way you should consider creating a my friend is looking to add a about to the that he provides he can you you create a about he will all of the the gets published you would split all of the from the in exchange the that you provide in the please know you interested in creating a that will then promote to thousands of his students warm class was i need entire class videos of send link to work in a technical associate i want to my i have any basics will it be easy to understand learn this subject can we get in other in a fresher thank you in advance it was really nice presentation i need some more regarding big can you your email my email explanation now i understand technically what is big explanation thanks sharing great videos thanks a sir can you please provide some more videos about clear explanation well done very nice way of explanation about big all the best awesome overview i like your way of teaching can you please make a separate big i want to work in will big is good fr explaining big in a complicated clearing the about big s level which is good rocked with easy way to explaining thanks keep it cons com partner pt thank s big big is awesome will even better in the it in conflict with private the system will knows better when we everybody who have access to the system knows exactly what kind of person we there will be anymore big is heaven hell at the same time big is of a bigger picture knowledge control there is a movement that includes profiling of segmenting individual groups these include recognition fingerprints footprints from birth movement patterns the internet gathering remember it was to be called the superhighway originated under the u s military big gathering will usher in the setting of a one world one government one under the facet one of world peace the elimination of world hunger the end of dictatorships other facing a shrinking one world one earth one rule of government there is another space the relocation of growth the loss of forestry food loss only a few areas of the third facet you will see come soon to every individual in the world gathering years ago the company i researched was called angel that had a to a chip the size of rice in humans this was in the said animals humans big big picture eat natural unprocessed foods won t even be measured by big can i get started with i m so surprised that big can be used in many areas i think there is anywhere someday because is stored in it s to manage the correctly this gives a hard to get my students to understand this wow so i won t even have to my trips because big will tell what people like already liked that s so great i will never have to try new things by my what a great video thank you am enthusiastic learner big i really admired by this video indeed a video this is really interesting i have to quit my to learn big this is very interesting i really like it please how did you get your tweet can you share it well presented thank you sir i need of secure sharing a big platform will u provide this topic till today night much video is a dream is not a of processing speed awareness has nothing to with how many calculations per a device can process the geniuses who create computers have understanding of how the mind works cannot even fathom how the brain creates the mind even what the mind actually is dear video editor at your narrator reads while your video displays a small adjustment might come in handy the credibility of the video keep up the good work evil dream designed to subvert most of humanity to serfdom while elevating the elite fuck the new world order to hell with it i have been saying this quite a number of years now i would say this now big brother is coming out of the closet making its presence known to those that choose to be stay informed nothing really new just being spread around to a broader people really need to sit up take how serious the really is serious enough that it is beginning to affect the of the human agreed prism look them all up connect them like they claim a computer will be able to back to all your friends family perhaps only the will find the connection like the video one small error you say will be of the board by the graphic says who messed up the computer the person narrator say s by its privacy is pronounced not this video just scared o will not be able to meet the complexity of the human mind hey dick with the video sir you the best in offering career guidance to thank to join this just forgot to breathe while watching this really well explained sir it opened my eyes insight regarding at the across many commodity then instead of retrieving the to perform analysis centrally we send the program to the perform analysis there kindly send details please some more videos gate about some general please upload some videos about pass out students who jobless its my request to uploading new demo is outstanding very nice i t myself in watching this video from start to end we re doing year project scale text we searched a a dump we t find any yet can somebody help to find big also please talk about cloud computing explain the analysis in please made a video security scope of security in whether it is good to go in security thank it is awesome video is really awesome explained sir please upload a video p problems please what is the difference in finding patterns in using learning not my proudest liberals reading prepared informed outlining is not the same generated creativity is successful because people were desperate after years of the same damned network relabelled with slightly different names in many the same laugh track in you t know when the funny given that context almost anything would have been a successful also provided departure had great success of has gone from strength to strength in supplying programs that different from big network offerings expanding the variety of that while offering preference driven recommendations temporal freedom ads they did it a price cheaper than basic cable market supremacy every axis of the market is changing new players entering it will be interesting to see what the next trend will be i understand the with this talk i even agree with it i got it it s not good represented i like it more would give a crap were to a person in the first two t you dare touch that dog what s wrong with people this guy is really smart you should give him a pay raise what s to be said about not watching a based solely off the first scene then basing a talks off of that have two focusing create a person who becomes bored numb to the making a dish with the same ingredients in a different way would become bland familiar you gone through all the combinations yes big is killing clever not only god creates it s all by com the of society technology enhances control com how will technology to rule by huh never thought of it like this before good talk inc is his friend gay inaccurate because all three of them need skills from all three of them great i t think requires background although it would be nicer you have it personally i think this video still inaccurately describe the difference nice video the way it was presented is nice the may seem music makes want to try video is a interpretation of all three topics very video i liked it wrong info in skill you need video a o engineer o m ado lo um t o ti p s o em big e e um o big o material refer o em com em o e em e um big o p s o em j come e um big e v v come big bola e m o s legal come a big em j t big views such kill please losing faith in humanity in progress what the woman said is so true it s scary glad i found this very its amazing that so few people have discovered it one really cares about it most people just want to their devices not worry about the affects love this great documentary really great documentary big interesting a great pity that it goes down the to astoundingly loud music track that competes the viewer s all the time makes comprehension when i want to listen to music i go to a tune what is the purpose of loud music in a big documentary i also find the viewing effects i believe artist of inflated did the mix next documentary should get done by engineer not artist please fuck you video the gut s die sch welt l so d er in seiner r rt trump w so big is watching you hat so m ll oft f r st ck die die die k ob in fall will in gar die die m be den k den t w in den also l die die eh die den d er war so frag die die re die h r hole amazon echo t was liken die null null am t w die w um trump w so bullshit in sandbox die die hat gar die was trump ab die die hat den trump wow die den finger am hat die r f r muss die die die die den die ob t be c sch gab euro so w pl er die er locker so w re h die hat mensch hat seine rt verboten amazing presentation thanks authoritative big y sin v artificial yo y calla hay nose lo play registrar y a vine a y n registrar link o video o a y o yes the classic timed out start again sequence with all previously entered fields cleared that we all love cherish timed out precisely because the is so insight video the retailer one can judge how complex could be without having right technology brilliant nick forever epic fantastic inspiring classic is against modern just wondering why you t caption these same language captioning would really be great this we it has automatic subtitling in french never gets so great i years later the struggle is real buying online should be easy not a hassle this is exactly like many e very annoying too true to be funny wonderful simply what i video this is so good hey guys here is a free mini e book you about the easiest way to find low cost products to sell your own online access over genuine wholesale suppliers of over products at genuine wholesale prices com the easiest way to find low cost products to sell online d you should have sub title this com s v did p n o o s o big e e big refer o refer o v material n o um em e big o em r v s o gr o o h o e v um v eh com o video frank e at leis n o t m e at n o t o com leis o a o com o e e e j em a o e com exist s frank um o a o o o o v e o big brother viva o m com n s em n o pr o o cart o e em j o o n o em um big brother legal o big s s o o o a all the is here the most powerful all in one plugin including twitter more em out we hope this would you well come to success come to success come to prayer prayer good eyes straight backs beautiful good hearts good lungs everything was so abstract how does it work actually video good video certainly paints exciting somewhat geared towards bigger small mid size businesses not to have the manpower to handle more great comprehensible video great high level overview of how t get it i was hopeful that this video would make some modest reference to something other than the imperative of making more money so that the price would go up investors be happy the analysis of big should also be engaged in figuring out how best to achieve that is worth a damn rather than merely chasing while the planet goes over the cliff my big is how to the power of big so that can work effectively what it would how we the processes by in the at off com learn thanks sharing this great insight about how web works web helps you to understand what channel is leading to the most your website there is obviously a of scope here i cant help thinking that this whole area is over hyped the term is being spouted by may suited salesman who i get the t understand its could be over selling it could there be a bubble waiting to happen expectations not fulfilled while all this is great we will be able to develop a smarter world which is more to our needs i am keen understanding what could be the negative effects of businesses knowing so much of our personal wow you guys freaking crazy my arse i ll just eat apple go play with the kids while you with big is that by the way may i get the lyrics sum words i dint get it properly so predictive is the systems the aim the pitch good hands holy cow good arms good yellow sun that shines she helps grow brings light keeps our hearts from growing cold a typical of the blind leading the blind extremely basic talk awesome m heading towards it awesome presentation very this will definitely help in pursuing my career in mining great talk great talk great video very thanks a all i want to learn this technology from basic level please i am engineer substation system engineer is there any between these systems your system i guess the women that introduced him t take queen s presentation sharing this great video seminar the revolution of web very video can i embed it in my website thanks what gets owners excited is what you can their bottom lines flashy video pieces mean almost nothing wow wish i cud get my head this i have little it capabilities amazing i can send e insight keep it up i dig this that was awesome video very insightful about big useful my project right now to make internal analytic my is a great video i am doing a in i will also is there anything i should learn practice before i start the my buyer big update now thanks c insightful degrees in a in physics dude is took a u turn in career in solid state physics now working that s interesting i smell chicken think that the of a scientist is very much like that of a statistician i guess that with a scientist you of expected to more coding creating engineered that works with a heterogeneous a talker probably a background background d i have a background i am aspiring scientist take this music perfectly to what he is saying good i want to get into this field i suck at nonsense regarding skills i work developer work heavily with i work with scientists who spend most of their time working with tools like where all the hard is already done you yes you need to understand the models interpret the results this guy is a gigantic bullshitter in saying you need a background you need to know stats you t need to be a in stats to be good at hoke ho sorry this guy is taking a little of truth stretching it more than he should he is scientist he is a bull shit artist i am engineer know engineers this guy this take the heavy background needed with a huge of salt of you need understanding of how the algorithms you apply your work the hard of it gets done by the functions a package brings you will need some affinity with not much this person would like to tell because of his background also here was said that they mainly only r you re going to work with larger which is something that gets more more in the you will also programming languages like spark last has that you can focus example legal regarding law privacy of logistics forecasting so somewhat more employers will want one scientist doing all of the above more unicorns the larger companies will oftentimes have you work in scientist teams of up to people thank you so much this video its t need a heavy background i t know what this guy is talking about the only you need is statistics that s your doing the of scientist can get involved in coding many more other things i worked a scientist that did nothing coded in before i decide idea to become a fledged developer now i deal with nothing database work nothing else scientist can anything it depends the company you want to be a scientist that just deals with programming i would suggest learning that s it you going to be a scientist that wants to be involved with i would suggest statistics calculus scientist work in groups so by knowing different things can bring better productivity to a group instead of all the scientist having just a background damn what a stupid music i know why people missing the whole of the video focusing the music the sake of sanity this is not a music video this guy seems dumb yo what song is that that guitarist is it m you funny she s hot smart feminists gonna quit definitely first of all guys you have to pointing out the attractiveness of the it is more often than not unwanted does nothing more than make the male gender a whole look like a bunch of we added capability to search within the themselves many have previously said i can only think of numerous repercussions that can come from this internet power s recent breakthroughs there will ever be a greater benefit to indexing my opposed to just leaving my to be what it is my great insights about cloud platform looking forward to learn more about great can we go ahead from of to be of cloud to be able to write our own algorithm according to need i just started into it s easy to i want to hug learning is used to generate algorithms from a specific of these algorithms can be used pattern recognition huge of actual you have a of logs from o server that crashed then feed it to generate the algorithm the algorithm in logs to predict when a server is about to fucks were given that day by the guy with laptop at what is a byte list of how you convert you may say i m bluffing this is heroine i can actually see the hangover in her eyes v p g f p f d f v x v h h v p be t m inspiring the perfect woman any would be proud of gorgeous smart who has the right to say what is not why the is this so confusing the pretty is more smarter than i hate myself was scared when i saw first time your channel name first i thought north after i found truth great work thank this video is this a book that you how to excel is it a book something of the analysis please get back to online covering of regression predictive mining analysis com tutorial however it feels like a of things should be done in access after i became astrophysicist you really gonna just say that so nonchalantly beauty found the brain is a tool not a language just m so than her com is it to become a analyst without a degree i m learning how to program i m willing to study whatever it takes of is not like neither is is the technology used by to boost when handling huge amount of pioneered by hive is what s like almost entirely syntax pig which is a like extremely easier both libraries of with a higher level of the in the video is phoney baloney one would hire such a clueless talking nonsense a real scientist this video is a waste of time nerdy n with her background the is i m she could quantify that somehow please try this very powerful cleansing clarity cloud com landing tutorial she looks like a newbie is using macs totally unreliable all the below who writing annoying sexist probably comments you re of the problem of fewer going into how can you expect anyone to feel comfortable in environment in which they being mocked called fake what not especially it s a professional environment seriously acting like a bunch of morons before any of you click the reply button say something stupid like look it s a insert work equivalent to white knight creep just try to think about what i m saying i t consider myself to be a feminist i equality because i know what it feels like to be discriminated against look at my it s not even about women anything like that it s about empathy you were interested in a female dominated were afraid of going into it because when you you would be mocked by in that field which does actually happen today in fields like nursing fashion under circumstances i would probably just such idiocy i m also tired of guys in my cs complaining how there like in cs then to mock who go into just appreciate everyone around you regardless of their gender quit being losers rant over very cool video the why does every period sound like a when she speaks i think that this is something that college educated people should really work the of the country depends it see its annoying cool video what s her cup size tho awesome journey scientist statistician programming afternoon can you how to get online shit how there so many retarded people concentrated in this kinda video s i m fucking chick wanna how to big one of the best explanations there is slight product push i enjoyed shalom s talk he he knew what he is talking about very presentation thanks good talk thank sharing really good this is awesome thanks ultimate thank you sir it free first the among you here is interesting com pulse how sap megaphone is there a way to private free there is only free trial hi guys i am very angry with apps at the i docs sheets slides a in my working life my coursework the i is it looks clean smart to my horror i see that have removed it again this is the time this has happened why you keep doing this i might have to go buy a copy i t think that timer was intentional it was cool nonetheless by the way which video editor you using because those is it a editor you created intern is it adobe some other program interesting love this how i just had the apps saw all the episodes today love this i learn something every day can t wait tomorrows episode you third this was great a idea we would love to see is how we see so much potential with g from internal customer community it t gotten any love from the app apps partner we get asked a good about it anyone else seeing screen timer any idea what that is can you create a based system using the queries video forgive chiming in i would appreciate your thoughts have you ever tried picks remedy i saw it it is a smashing one of a kind winning betting systems without the hard work heard some decent things about it my friend after a lifetime of fighting got amazing results with it a newbie like it a great overview of tips about betting system it has a of time discussing winning percentages money has a conservative approach to betting it explain things well while the terms take some time to get used to you ll find yourself comfortable with line reversals totals predictors using them daily it you how power ranks of teams changed over the of the season gives you a to them easily twitter com status i have spent months studying how to win bets discovered a great resource at bet blueprint it you interested i have spent months studying how to win bets found a fantastic resource at bet blueprint it you re have spent months studying picks discovered awesome website at bet blueprint it out i been researching into betting systems discovered a great website at bet blueprint it you re interested i been researching into picks found a fantastic website at bet blueprint it you re interested i been studying how to win bets discovered a fantastic resource at bet blueprint it you re interested i been studying how to win bets discovered a great website at bet blueprint it out i been studying how to win bets found a fantastic resource at bet blueprint it out i been studying how to win bets found awesome resource at bet blueprint it you re interested anyone is interested in winning bets the best results that had was by using the bet blueprint i found it the most useful remedy i followed you is interested in winning bets the greatest success that ever had was by following the bet blueprint i found it without a doubt the most helpful remedy that i have ever tried there a few components to betting systems one i discovered which successfully these is the bet blueprint it out without a doubt the most useful resource that i have ever heard of out the incredible there a few in how to win bets one resource i discovered that successfully these is the bet blueprint it out without a doubt the most helpful resource i seen look at all the there several components to how to win bets one i discovered which succeeds in merging these is the bet blueprint it out without a doubt the system that i seen look at all the incredible there several components to picks one i found which successfully these is the bet blueprint it out the most useful system that i seen look at the great the best info that i have had was by using the bet blueprint i found it without a doubt the most incredible treatment that i tried the greatest success that i have ever had was by following the bet blueprint i found it the best treatment i followed wonderful keynote i t make what the of the origin was it sounded like earth engine is s tool petabytes of about the earth its environment is conquering so much what would happen the s died what their inheritor strives only money ruin it all by engine guys should run a it com the is amazing great analytic these companies illegally is age they discriminate fry text to five great t know what s up with all the haters in the comments it was really cool hearing about how big works what things media companies to customers great to is not working hey add some shit i want to fucking watch i just want to know who wrote the title to this how implements big is all about you really how about s implementation of big is all about you implements big with you in mind interesting comments about this video found it cool hearing about the inside story of how much work research went into creating such a widely used product hardly gets new material i routinely look their new especially under their is either outdated stinks with low is awful most of what they have is trash just a waist of money needs more growth too many boring movies some people argue that it s unethical to individuals to present them more precise ads why you see advertisement think hey i would enjoy owning using that what s the problem i feel like just did both the advertiser the customer a someone buys anything they t need want just because ad was shown to them well maybe they should work that because there ads almost everywhere have never worked i only see a push of of ideas based fact stats that is read to the reader sell to advertisement it s all even a locked to a would work better that s a of feeding you reruns faster than you can swallow their might wrong having to two masters is same have product to sell customer which is why they sell advertiser s product is the product so they not only customers also themselves both models both product customer well it works like shit in it always suggests mostly irrelevant titles you the library here t quite the one in the so it might not be right to only fault the research i subscribe mainly the occasional movie nights anyways i ll find what i want regardless of the why would anybody bother to pay like you can watch most movies free such get a download hard to find releases monitors to see what is popular hence what to buy same goes live video in a nutshell why we better then them when i get ads not i skip the you want my sperms too i o byte big cloud platform cloud the cost of sequencing has dropped the of produced has risen into the petabytes is working with the community to define a working with big in the cloud cloud platform we how to process share using like r more dude that boils down to almost per human genome e not whereof is actually good stuff great you guys seems like answering emails from your customers should be of some i have had a very your cloud contemplating leaving because you t answer the is ticked they forgot to the real reason they want your i think this is worthless a waste of people who approve of this contributing to your slavery why you guys at overdoing the body language in almost all your videos it is kinda distracting because it t look natural why is your in the background left handed i want my genome the internet the order is so that join will choose a more join algorithm in this the merge join the already can i get from can t wait one more thing when we connect to live we get sampled so will the encounter the same problem with thank you thanks matt the is being unleashed very very soon hey why will i not connect directly to rather than bringing in big query in between my already there in problem with all these is you have to there re re needed missing alignments of fields well done well done now release that damned impressive achievement i have doubt you will find tremendous a company to make such available to all kinds of subscribers from big broker dealers to private traders whatever the outcome of the cat bid keep up the good work is there a way to run my mt through cloud another system to make my trades processing faster so i t have to leave my computer my this is big big think that a good it involve people manage his mistakes this can be great enterprise owner we need to develop better where we employ it people manage his mistakes is genial wait am i going crazy is there a moan at who made this after effects video does manage in its own a third party please talk thanks looking forward to drive it great talk big is a loosely defined term the of a huge of characterised by that is too complex unstructured big should contemplate approaches to structured semi structured unstructured interesting so much fighting is suffering severely from the same problems browsers did in the s same with why has none of these companies formed protocol like everyone is greedy want to lock vendors their platform the road is very bumpy very cool demo of spark hive running using great a v out of video really interesting of the technology i the days when platform open install t rental the video cool example very timely i was hoping to learn a little more about the details there was q a certainly having tool is going to be useful need more info about posting sharing the dashboards how the tool can go is the audio not synced correctly is there a recorded this video nice way to dig into months to setup nodes cluster that must be in done by h b worker were so made up video thanks good presentation topic honestly we t need big to study this just count the attending the stay real the media t given this info which is so really loved this video the power of big never ceases to amaze thanks t see nothing new in here spark all by great overview at a thousands separator would be nice so it would be easier to read big numbers grandpa here is a shirt i made you great presentation when talking about big these presentations tutorials can sometimes be mundane he does a great makes want to go prep my right now 