 0Can I please have your police carCan'tLåöNjpjpuibhljewan MacGregorhow to advertise to passers-by that your garage is worth breaking intoi dont have any i like it  i realy want it but it is expensive you can send me  one if you want my addres is 39 melenennryansthis is
 like to see the videoI want this type of car ..... for how much?My RC petrol car is 100% better and fasteraw shit! remote controlled ieds now?i likeim in the weird part of youtube again.. in the middle of a night...janulos autos me gustan pero aburrido!!!pinchis arabes k chingen toda su madreshocka locka dirkathey'll strap a bomb on one of those little cars and drive it to Israel.vc e muito legal aonde vc comprou esse carrinhoyou guys are amazing. I usually drive alone... I need new friends "If it's not broken don't fix it""That's hot......like our planet." LMAO!Adam didn't count on one thing - Steve Jobs being dead. Now sycophants and fanchildren have no one to turn to and worship and revere without question but Elon Musk. This savior even comes with a bullshit Old Testament prophet foretelling his coming in the form of Nicola Tesla.Adam reiterates already well known and incorrect counter arguments to electric cars being cleaner than gas cars.Diesel is best !!East accurate video they've ever made of a solid series. Please, go back and do a correction. Mythbusters did it and maintained their legendary following and credibility.How about we take a page from Norway and use garbage as energy. Recently they've had to buy garbage from neighbouring countries to use!I can remember an episode of Penn & Teller's Bullshit on Showtime about 15 years ago (I always liked that show because they attacked both the left and the right. You've got to respect that). Anywho, it dealt with Enviromentalists who were gathered for some type of rally or convention. The show had someone gathering signatures to ban Di-Hydrogen Oxide. He told those who would listen that it was practically everywhere. He managed to gather many signatures. In case you don't know, Di-Hydrogen Oxide is the chemical name for water.I don't like the green episode. A lot of it is a stretch. Even eating a banana is bad? c'mon. what do you want us to do? starve?I'm noticing a trend with these videos:
*WARNING! THE FOLLOWING STATEMENT IS A JOKE! While it does have a kernel of truth, like all good jokes should, it is not meant as a political statement*

- The USA ruined everything! :D
Tips, roads, democracy, weed, shopping, gifts, laws, and on and on. 
Except Europe, it ruined it self.TFW an insane majority of greenhouse gas emissions come from Eastern countries.Wanna be green buy a crappy used car.Well this compeletly ignores the fact that it reduces the demand for petrol, incresing the demand for all other sources of energy.Why are they so many people defending electric cars? Honestly, I think they're shit.  No point trying to make the world green as it's already fucked with pollutionWhy can't car designers have an imaginationWow this video ends with hypocrisy.ewww a priusin the fture 100% of the energy will be renewablelast line thowhy do i feel like his videos have been downing anything good in this world. drinking water, electric cars and stuff. he said buying 1 electric car won't save the earth. no it wont but if alot of people buy the electric car. it will have a big impact. also saying the TSA don't help is like saying cops don't help people.A lot of ASSumptions there.Coal generated electricity only accounts for 33% of total US electricity generating capacity, all the CO2 numbers for the electric cars are therefore completely flawed, this presenter is either an idiot or is intentionally trying to misinform the viewers. I suspect the latter isDifficult to know where to start, there are so many issues with this. The scary thing is the 'facts' seems so plausible. The fossil fuel industry can certainly afford to do this subtle manipulation. At least the commenters have picked up on some of the issues. If you burnt the gasoline in a central power station to produce electricity, you would get about 3 times more miles for your gallon, for example...
MElectric Cars are dumb asf.I dont argue with much of your statements, especially the critique of renewable energy sources. But what if the US could get over its irrational fears and go all in with nuclear power. Especially in the unlikely event that we can extract more energy from c-14 and they can replace the lithium batteries in cars, though that is a real long shot.I'm glad someone brought up this topic. The implication of the video that it would be a good time now to switching to Nuclear power plants. That's where the big CO2 reductions are at scale. Even if a few hundred people would die from nuclear accidents (as everyone fears), we would still lose far less people due to our polluting activity. We could put subsidies to nuclear.If you really want a clean car, make a fusion powered car! If only we can get the necessary  research for it...Shouldn't the title be "Is Having An Electric Car In The US Really Green?" instead? Some countries, such as Norway, use mostly renewable energy.The video has a good point, but this is not true for every country and people. Here in Brazil our energetic matrix is made greatly of renuable sources, more than 42% of our power for sure.
Besides, some people may equip their homes with solar panels in order to provide green energy for their eletric cars.
The industry may also try to change the li-ion battery model for some hydrogen fuel cell types.The whole point of electric driving is cleaner air in the cities.

 At the moment, when commuting on my bike, I get gased. Especially at crossings.This is retarded for so many reasons.This video neglected to talk about the energy needed for gasoline including: drilling for oil, transporting oil to refinery, refining oil to gasoline, transporting gasoline to stations on the other side of the country, pumping gasoline, and finally burning the gasoline.Why so many dislikes for this video?!?....He does make sense, doesn't he???With this kind of reasoning a gasoline car is also a coal powered car. Gasoline requires alot of electricity in production in refineries. I don't have any numbers, but it is probable that an electric car could run some distance on the electricity saved on the fuel it does not use. Should be included in this video to make is more accurate. Maybe that would ruin the argument and is deliberately left out.You figured emissions from coal fiired plants producing electricity, but conveniently ignore the emissions from pumping oil, shipping, and refining, which makes your results nonsensical. Here is a clue - oil refineries run on electricity, and the amount of electricity used to produce a gallon of gasoline or diesel would power a typical EV for 25 miles.but more and more electricity is produced from not fosil fuels, green energy pirices are constantly falling so end of your beloved ice cars is close, no matter if you like it or not i'm graduating this year the colege (energetic inginery). and electric cars vs gas cars was recently a topic in a debate between teachers and students. we concluded the same. electric cars produce more polution than any gas car. the day we won't have coal to burn for electricity, that is the day electric cars will be green. but as long as you burn coal for the electricity used by cars, those electric cars will be anything but green compared to normal gas/diesel cars. 
ALSO, gas/diesel cars have a better conversion from termic enerty into utile energy (movement of the car). i mean compared to the 35-42%conversion for coal.oh so you're going to tell countries which generate 100% of their energy from renewable sources to use gas powered cars?so it's still better than regular carsAnyone knows where to get the chance to watch this truly revolitionary documentary in HD?
Thanks in advance!Are next presidentI can drive it up and down the amazing cityI want the car tooIm a recent graduate of mechanical engineering and now Im dreaming of working for him. Men such as him is the best leader for innovators to follow. I wish when I have enough experience I get to work in Tesla.Nike/Apple/Ford/GM/Microsoft/Tesla. I'm proud to be an American, we don't need foreign technology.Tesla Model 3 vehicle projected 200 - 300 miles some people claim Model S can go up to 400 miles which is great however 20 yrs ago Stan Ovshinsky created a vehicle that drove up to 300 miles.....    This Tesla company hardly seems innovative I really wish they named the company Edison lol  They aren't owning up to Nikola's name they're just using it for marketingTesla is proof that Capitalism does a better job at saving the eco system than any retarded socialist ideaTessa needs to add one more idea to their remarkable car....Develop and install generators on all wheels so the vehicle can run off its own power without a  electrical recharge.  This would be the ultimate vehicle of al time.Tessla is up to its neck in debt it is not making any money its now going back to the markets for even more money ,its well behind in the amount of cars it said it wa sgoing to produce within the given time frame ,looking back its starting to look like Delorian and yet the market  has valued it 50m thats more than ford but ford did deliver !This is a very nice story and a very nice car.  Now, what are you going to do with all the other petroleum based products your cars are made of?  You need petroleum based products for many parts of your automobiles.  From plastic components, lubricants, tire manufacturing and much, much more.  What are you going to do with the gasoline that comes from the refining process?Usually people don't travel more than 1000 miles per day and that is the target.We need people like Elon Musk to change the car industry! Lets write the future! :)Who's gonna sub to my channel nowYou people applaud your own demise. This technology is nothing new, but the more it is released, the less jobs the people will have. Tesla pockets billions while the majority of the people will be on welfare and food stamps. Thank God Trump and Bill Gates are considering taxing these billionaires with their robotic assembly lines per robot, forcing them to rethink their hiring bias...You really think this is a great invention? No. Electric cars run off battery power, and just like Laptop and Smartphone batteries, they often lose their Zero Point, which means the maximum recharge capacity will eventually be capped to around 30% and the car will run out of power by the time you drive around the block. Now ask yourself.. how much are you willing to spend on battery replacements? I'm sure it would cost a hell of alot more than Gas.test drove a customer's tesla S and this thing has an insane launch. I was not expecting that kind of take off. I didn't time myself but I went from 12mph to 70 in what felt just a second. I see the advantage of not having a gear box, there is no lag this beast just continues to pick up speed it's fucking awesome! !where are batteries?why are there no women ?A couple of corrections.
- China has more electric cars than Europe and the US combined. India probably have a lot of them too. Their governments aren't run by oil companies.
- Tesla plans to reach 500K cars per year a lot faster. I hope they succeed because I want a Model 3 too, and they have around 500K preorders to fulfill before I get a chance.
- EVs will take off much faster then the video expects. In a few years EVs will be much better than gas guzzlers in practically every way, including price. Modern internal combustion engines are insanely complex and therefore very expensive, mostly because emissions and fuel economy. And they will never be cheap again because of that. Electric engines on the other hand are very simple and cheap, and battery prices are dropping at an insane rate. Ranges are now comfortable, and charging networks are growing exponentially. People are more and more open to EVs, and those who tried them never look back. Also some cities may ban diesel cars as early as 2020. Because of these things demand will explode (the 500K Tesla Model 3 preorder is a clear sign of this). In developed countries a lot of people buy a new car every 3 to 5 years, and few people drive more than 10-15 years old ones in any decent country. So 50% EV by 2040 isn't a radical idea, I think it's a pessimistic prediction. It could easily be 90%.
- The price of oil is controlled by the US and Saudi Arabia by adjusting production rates, and by invading other oil rich countries. Prices dropped recently for two reasons. First, they wanted to hurt Russia, which depends heavily on it's oil export revenue. Second, they wanted to slow down the clean energy revolution by making natural gas a lot cheaper.A good documentary, but wrong on at least one point. After the S-curve takeoff, which will result in only about %25 of new cars being sold as pure EVs, the net result will be the USA becoming a net oil exporter, and changing our trade deficits from negative to positive, since the biggest contributor to trade deficits is foreign oil purchases.  This will be a bigger positive effect on the USA than any other country in the world, since we are the only ones that both produce huge quantities of oil but also use huge quantities. The biggest losers in the oil market are oil dependent nations such as Saudi Arabia, Venezuela, Canada and others. Thus the biggest side effect is the acceleration of war and regime changes around the world as such countries loose their power to effectively bribe their populations into quiescence.And Tesla just sped up thier timeline by 2 years, so yeah, around 2020 if not sooner, oil companies will be feeling the pain.  muahahahahahaExcellent.Finaly a calculated date... 2023.
If we get to the $10k~15k  car , in the next 3 years... them it could be even faster.
*Just need that 3x factor for lition-ion battery that professor Yi Cui talks about. 
*Or the new liquid battery (for fast refuel) , air battery or solid state battery, to work. 
  
So it´s kinda close anyway... 2020...2023... 


close... we should start to see the effects by 2019.Fuck electric cars and fuck modern cars even harder!  Modern cars are soulless, boring, complicated, ugly, silent and small. Fuck the future, my Cadillac deville 1959 coupe is still the greatest most beautiful car ever made, and it will continue to be unless the great car designs make a comeback. Fuck safety, economy, aerodynamics, features and all that boring crap. I only want two things: style and big engine!  Electric cars are for green homos, real men drive real cars.Great we bring down world prices which we can use in our jetliners to bring down the cost of flying.I heard them slip in that term, "oil sands".  Oil company PR Dept. at work.  Sorry Bubba, it's TAR sands.  We all know the difference between oil and tar.I live for the day that oil demand goes into freefall as all the terrorist trouble comes from oil money and Saudi Arabia's version of Islam , they are the ones financing the building of mosques world wide teaching their extremes , but at the moment they are running massive budget deficits and hopefully this is the turnaround in the era of Arabs having money and all the subsequent problems of a backward culture having the resources to spread that primitive culture .In a few years shopping malls will install solar canopies with free charging to attract customers, 2018 and and Tesla Model 3 is the tipping point. Solar panels and batteries are going down in prices, that any open spaces can be use to generate electricity.Question:   with Trump dropping EPA auto mpg standards. .and every. country in the world raising them......    US market is trapped in domestic selling. (10 million per year )   
    Now.   ..how many EVs. per year have to be sold in the US market before dig oil crashes and burns ?
   
      I'm  guessing 2.2 million per year.     in the USThe funny thing that everybody talks about electric cars as if they are new, electric engine efficiency has improved only 4% from the 80s till now, and battery technology have been improved by 10% from late 80s till now,the only thing that is different is battery price which is not a problem for hyper cars pricing, we should have seen electric hyper cars in the 80s, i also think that battery prices will be much lower at that time if they are made in todays quantities, chevorlet have made the first mass produced electric car at that time, guess what happened to them they recalled the 100 production cars and crushed them, somebody want to sell his petrol badly and electric cars were his enemy, also electric engines can live for 40 years  without cooling systems or changing oil or filters.There is one slight issue I see on this, when that 2nd oil crash would come, it would also follow up with a large amount of sales of gasoline cars, same thing that happened in 2014, the price really dropped and due to this, Gas lines miles long were forming just because of how cheap it was to fuel up, and the sales of large SUV's exploded. The same thing would be happening again in a 2nd oil crash, gas cars would then become very popular again due to that slope in operating costs going down, what would really be needed is an EV that could convince someone to go electric even in the wake of super cheap gasbla blaoil companies been shafting the people and weak countries for years now is the there turnsadly enough this will never happen. these psycho whites and European jews/khazars would cause a war before they loose power that fast. they would literally bomb Iran just to force conflict in the strait of hormuz. even if we had oil reserves for another 247 years the stock market would artificially inflate petrol. the military doesn't run on plug in. prices of everyday goods would skyrocket and nobody would have spare money to invest into a plugin ride. people would have to deal with oil and all of its byproducts, and these "people" will make us pay for it whether we like it or not.the car companies need to go back in time, as in,, ford needs to make the exact replica of the 1965 mustang fastback,,and have it be electric,,mustang parts are easy to find, but still would be nice to have America look like cuba with so many classic cars on the roadsthe sooner peak oil comes, the better for humanity :)this video is super hard to post to my facebook, takes like 10 tries,,An electric car WITH a small petrol engine as an onboard range extender/generator is the way to go. The car shown in this vid is impractical, and takes up too much space on the road to transport just 1 person. Sureley an electric motorbike would be a better option in this case??But does he think about the production of the batteries?But you can't put stuff inside it that you want to transport somewhere. For that you need a regular car. If you don't need to carry much with you, there are E-bikes.Cool! Is there a kit?Could a kid drive this such a 13 year old?Electric cars kick g,assGood Job Gary -
More Power to You.Love this video ! Enjoyed watching it !SWhat energy situation? iv got all the energy i could want.When the cost is reasonable, batteries are under 200 Lbs. and can buy new batteries without selling one of the kids, and can drive for 400 miles at 60, then I'll buy one, otherwise I'll stick with gas. I'm not against electric, I just feel the technology and cost just does not make sense to run out and get one. In addition the marketing industry has made it so impossible to buy one on my retired beer-bottle budget.don't want your electric cars, stop trying to force them on people.extreme heavy contructif only we could drive an electric car with a single 12volt, 50pound lead acid battery and get 120mile range out of it, wishful thoughts close to perpetuum mobile..it is the ONLY way to have a good cheap electric car you will have to be able to make your own or by one with a gas motor to charge your batteries.now what happens to the batteries when they are no longer viable?the name of him?their rich peoples novelty toyswho killed the electric car big oil killed them 100 years agoBest EV story i saw the dick who was chip kid who forgot to pick up his keys so used his smartphone app to open it and start it ,then the dick drives off into the country and then stops to take in the view ,gets back into the car but could not a signal for the phone ,LOLElectricity will always be faster and more powerful than dirty fossil fuel.Excellent piece, much better than normal reviewHow costly would it be to replace the battery if it needs to be replaced after warranty ends?I have two Leafs.  They are extremely  fast!  On the drag, they will outrun anything in our parking garage.  Our range is normally around 110 miles per charge.  After two years I have only raised the hoods once (wiper fluid).  It cost almost nothing to charge.  My charge cost is zero because there are free chargers everywhere.  A lot of shopping malls , restaurants, grocery stores, apartment complexes, etc. have free chargers.   I have not paid to charge my Leafs in two years!  Even if I did have to pay, the cost is less than two cents per mile.  Our lease cost is $199 per month.  We don't have to worry about replacing the batteries because they are leased.  Maintenance has been zero in two years.I know i'm in the minority, but I think the leaf looks fine. Form has followed function.I think you uploaded the video 2 days lateI'm buying a car this year & cant decide between the Chevy Bolt ⚡️ with the Tax credits of $7500 plus two rebates 1 for $2500 & the other for $1500 which would help pay this car off within 2 yrs I just wish chevy would of made it look better look  the Volt... my other choice is not a gas saver it's a modded BRZ supercharged car! No free money & less than 21 mpg... I would like to get the Bolt ⚡️ but my biggest problem with closing the deal to buy 1 is sound  I like High end stereo Bass systems I have no problem putting a set up in the BRZ but with the Bolt ⚡️I'm not sure if I can ??? Thinking if I add A separate Gel Cell that might work or will the stereo just kill the car? 
My last choice but I would have to put down $25K to keep the payment at $650 per month is which this car is Just all the way hands down but not sure if I can afford that payment for 2 yrs is the 2017 Audi TTS

So that's why I'm having a hard choice my main driving is 75% city & the rest HWYIs the leaf a hybrid or full on electric?No energy out the tailpipe. But electricity also has to be generated. So unless that is done by solar, wind, or water - using an electric car is not at all energy/exhaust/carbon emission free. Still: e-cars are an increasingly interesting alternativeNumber 6 - Better for the environment. Number 7 - Don't indirectly fund terrorism with money spent on gasoline going to governments and billionaires that fund terrorists.Spot on! Having taken the plunge there are so many advantages that I would find it hard to go back :-)The torque is instant, but its not peak at 0 RPM in the Leaf. The torque is limited at low speeds.UK / 2 of the 6 power companies just jacked their prices up Npower by 10% and Scotish & southern by a whopping 11% , another green power company =Ecotricity have stopped giving away free free charging and if you use one of their charge points you get charged £6 to plug it in  one bloke who had a Tessla for a 2 day trail got charged £18 when he went to charge the battery , 

Cheaper to charge at home they say just change your tariff over to econmy 7 yes you can charge it cheaper but your then paying top rate for the rest of the electric you use to run your home on , 

Power companies know whats coming and are on a program to put a smart meter into every property so when the power cuts come and they will in the UK due to EU clean air laws /regulations power to the suburbs with directed to the government and industry when all of the EVs are plugged in !Until battery range increases, electric cars are not for everyone. But here in the UK, where gas/petrol is much more expensive, the mpg of a Nissan leaf is around 250 miles using night time electricity rates. So big savings on fuel costs for anyone needing a car to commute or short trips around town. Plus maintenance costs are very much lower. No plugs, tappets, exhaust, timing belts etc.hey hey,  i love EV cars but can u do "5 things you should never do in a electric car" im just curious:)plus with a nissan leaf it instantly looses over $22000 of its value as soon as it is driven off the lot so you can get them extremely cheap after people figure 100 mile range is crappy.so it's a really fancy and really expensive golf cartwhy am i watching somebody that believes a government website that subsidizes electric cars?wow, an incredible video!  It is just astonishing that someone would actually say these things, these truths.  Of course in no way does this sway those who are not excited about the potential of electric cars.  They will never come around - but that is fine, perfectly fine.  Nobody should worry that they will be forced to drive an electric car, seriously - don't worry about it, the Leaf is not here to hurt you, it is just one car.  As for me I'm looking for an electric skateboard.  I have a postulate that an electric skateboard with an in-wheel motor will "free-wheel" unlike one designed with a belt - to put it simply, you can't kick when there is a belt because without power it will feel like molasses.  In contrast if the motor is inside the wheel and there is no belt ... if you turn the power off, you can kick and it will feel like a normal skateboard and yes, you can ride it home if you run out of power or if you have a breakdown.  If it's belt-driven, I suppose you can disconnect the belt to be able to ride it home without power.  You might wonder why I'm talking about an EV (Electric Vehicle) in the form of an electric skateboard.  I bought an electric bike many years ago just being curious how a little hub motor could actually propel you, and wow, yeah it works.  Since then I've ridden many EVs of many different sizes.  It's all pretty amazing.1.25=normal speedAnd how do you charge a that car when the power is out?Petroleum generators lol.Awesome video.. Thanks for sharing your knowledgeGET OVER HERE N SNIFF MY FINGER BITCHHi,
I'm part of a group of postgraduate business students from Dublin City University in Ireland and we are currently conducting important research for our final assignment on electric vehicle use.

The following survey will ONLY take THREE MINUTES to complete and we would be extremely grateful for your input. We are looking for Electric Vehicle owners who are currently living in EUROPE (excl. Ireland & the UK). 

Our research would greatly benefit from your expertise on this subject. 
Thank you

(Please note that this survey is in English)

https://qtrial2015az1.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_1YcVccBZDua4NznI hate how quiet you areI want each model of Tesla car working principals and the details of each model features.IS THIS GUY A ROBOT?....is he a robot with laryngitis??...
He is SO totally a robot with laryngitis! ;DIdk, perhaps it's because I'm using headphones, but I can hear him just fine, even if I remove the headphones and have my terrible laptop speakers activate. 
And my computer's volume, which goes from 1 to 50, is at 12, which is relatively quiet.Nice cideoOr it could be a teslaSPEAK UP MAGGOT!!They should add sound to this video, it could make it more informative.Very thorough, well done.Worst noise ever at the beginning.  There is nothing worst than listening to someone eat or drink or slurp their coffee.can't hear you. The volume you recorded at is way too low for people to hear you.i had the same at first but then i changed my speaker, turned up the volume and it was fixedim strugglingto understand all of this. wish ther ewas a much simplerized video that i can watch that will help me undserstand but its explained n a much simpler way.yes but the weight is increased and how safe is a car with hydrogen on a crash accident maybe it will be a hydrogen bomb?100 miles range on that thing? A modern leaf doesn't even get that after a few thousands miles of battery degradation.5:50 Rheostats are a very crude means of speed control, you are just loosing energy as waste heatA great car for the city, but outside of that, it was useless...because the electrical grid infrastructure wasn't there yet...and once the Oil Lobbyists took over, the electric car was dead. Typical crooked politician scumbags!Absolutely blown away by this video, it's downright shocking, that in a time we consider so less advanced as where we are now, there existed a vehicle that does the same electric range as a modern one. Imagine how advanced the auto industry would be if it continued to develop electric technology as an alternative to petrol?Amish people should drive these carsAt 2:54 he started to go into one thing that "killed" the electric car the first time around aside from range.  But then he proceeded to talk about how the old gas cars were difficult to start due to the crank. which would be a problem with gas cars, not electric.  

I was curious about the point he never made about what killed the old electric car industry. I'm guessing it would be the cheap gas costs and mainly how large companies as well as investors and politicians had a big stake in oil.

I love my Fiat 500e and find it more fun to drive even than my previous super charged Mini. (it's also fun to have my "gas station" at home when I get home in the evening)  I get about 80-90 miles of range depending on how fast I'm driving that day.Can go more than 50 miles? I'm about to buy me a street legal version of this..Edison was certainly ahead of his time. World's first electric cars.Excellent Presentation! I still say, those older cars had their own personalities and style. They weren't all poured from the same mold like today.  Love that old electric car, to b sue.Heck with electric cars being 'the future'. Why not just make electric people, put them on a tag parachute line, and ship'em off to work.I laughedIf electric cars could cost the same as gas cars people would snatch them up.  As long as electric cars are over $30,000 or have a short range, they will be only for the wealthy and only for a second car, not the primary car.Jay, if you swap those lights for LED's you will get more juice from your carriageJay: is the speed controller a rheostat? Multiple selectable windings in the motor? Neither?You are saying that I need to buy another car?   No.amazing jay ..never seen a golf cartdoor bell sound in the video had me going to the door every 3 mins?ev1seriously quite amazing how ahead of its time, would never have thought an electric car was such an old inventionwtf, 100 miles !!!!! the latest bmw i3 goes only 80miles here in europe... seriously wtf, doesn't make any sense ..

what battery tech does that 1901 - car use???!!!!.
$ 88.000 for a VW convertible versus a brand new SL Mercedes Benz convertible for $ 86 950A QUIET VW???????????????????  WILL MIRACLES NEVER CEASE???Also, anyone know why there is a "sweet spot" in Beetles from 1958-66?
Were they simply assembles with better quality materials then, and a higher standard of attention to detail?Hahaha is the plural of "Volkswagen" seriously "Volkswagens" in english?!Hello david, I just watched this video on Saturday night, and I met you today across from the Best Western by the grapevine.........
thanks again for your time...... see you at the future O.C.T.O. meet!I hate the electric carsI hate this guyI love these but they are a pain to insure. The problem is the Kelly Blue book value is next to nothing. You have to make sure your policy won't just pay you the Blue Book value in case of an incident. plus, all of these VW cars are not that great in the safety department. Which just adds to higher insurance rates. Just not for everyone.I would love to just put a magnetic motor in one of these. continuous power with low voltage to kik start.I've dreamed about this for yearsLove the work but 100k+ on a vw camper is ludicrous. The best of the best in electric conversions these days will cost you 10 grand in parts at the most, and the best of vintage campers might cost 40k. Putting those together does not equate to more than 50 grand in labour, so bullshit to that, there are plenty of places that will put together a great electric beetle for around 10 grand, these guys are nuts.THANK GOD....SOMEBODY FINALLY PUT SOME LOVE INTO THESE BEAUTIFUL CLASSIC MINIBUSES. VOLKSWAGEN SURE DIDN'T CARE. THE UNRELIABILITY WAS OBVIOUS.That surfboard will chop your head off during crash. How smart is that? Pretty dumb.Very expensive.What VW air cooled vehicles need is a bolt in heavy duty 5 speed over drive trans-axle that is reasonably priced, of course you can use a Porsche 914 5 speed, but those are getting hard to find, and cost an arm & a leg now.Yeah yeah, Beetles are cool and all that... - but what is THAT on the left at 0:44 - ?!awesome Brunohow do you heat them for the winter?why not use the rotation of the wheels, solar panels and the wind drag with mini turbines to trickle charge the batteries for longer distances?전기 자동 차 둥가둥가 시스템  세로운 전기 발전기 바퀴  트윈 듀얼 4기 설치  자동차를 찾는 다. 왜 실험은 공개 적이지 못 한가?!  원 트윈 발전기 전이전도 격 구체  원형  레이져  전류,전류 전자펄스,마이크로 파, 쓰레기 장 소각 장치, 왜 공개적으로  실험 하지 않는 가!?"Electric vehicle adoption (...) will take (...) automakers by surprise? Really? They are the ones producing them! Tesla, Nissan, Volkswagen, Kia, BMW, Mercedes, Ford, Renault, Mitsubishi, Fiat, Chevy are all producing electric or plug-in hybrid cars. How stupid must you be to put out a statement like that? Thumbs down Koch brothers!"Me want money! Me no want INNOVATION! ME SMASH TECHNOLOGY!" They're so sleazy that they would probably do anything for money. This is why you arrest people like this ASAP, so that innovation can flourish. If they had a choice between heaven on Earth for everyone, advanced technology and everyone being poor, slavery being popular, they'd use ancient technology and they'd be rich I think they'd choose the gluttonous path.Another disgusting lobby tactic from the Kochs and their Big Oil cronys.Can you upgrade to a progressive camera? That de-interlacing looks horrible :( Thanks!Cut subsidies for Electric cars,  cut subsidies for oil companies.  Heck, cut ALL FORMS OF SUBSIDIES.  Stop sending billions of dollars to Palestine and Israel for God's sake, why on Earth are we sending out tax-payer's dollars halfway around the world; for what?   America should not be paying anyone for anything, we should be using that money to re-build our crumbling roads and bridges.Electric  is the future--  clean and  efficient...... The Koch bothers are stuck  in the  past --- Oil is  : dirty, NOT environmentally friendly,  people have died over OIL, it  is running  out, and it  must be   replaced  because the world  can't sustain this form of transport.  GO AWAY KOCH brothers!!!Electric powered cars are bad and highly inefficient energy wise because the majority of the energy is squandered moving the big heavy box rather than the desired component that is the driver, possible passenger and possible useful cargo.When you're riding in a 4,000 pound vehicle to transport a 150 pound human that's crazy and extremely energy inefficient.Now when the vehicle weighs near or less than the human and it's aerodynamically efficient and efficient also because it's traveling at lower speeds like say 20 mph or so than it makes sense.Low mass electric vehicles that are electric (but use a lot less energy)  and also hybrid human powered are ideal.

Declaring that you are environmentally friendly because you drive a heavy mass electric car is like declaring your environmentally friendly because your  100,000 square ft Mansion uses LED lighting and it also has solar panels.

If you want to be environmentally friendly get a electric motorized assisted bicycle instead as a starter.They get an efficiency of around 1,000 MPGe plus when you cycle  you will be healthier and not end up as a sedentary obese heart patient.Electric motorized bike kits or electric motorized bicycles are far less expensive than electric cars.
Thanks for listening.Fossil fuels in general and especially gasoline and diesel emit carcinogens! The cause of human cancers. Electric cars do not. Electric cars charges by renewables that is: Solar Wind Wave Tidal Hydro Geothermal Ocean current generated power!I don't think automakers should be worried if they can design their own electric carMajor election fraud in California! This election is a FRAUD!!! Vote with a bullet!?!?!So let me guess these Electric cars and going to be powered by WIND , not Nuclear power . You people are so insaneSooner or later they'll realise there is big money to be made by providing alternative energy sources. Then they'll drop coal mining like a hot potato. These people care for one thing only; money.The Koch Bros are PIGS.The current administration is controlled by the GOP, I guess the Koch brothers have heard about the checks and balance clause in the constitution. With the SCOTUS, and Congress being in the hands of the right wing, the petroleum industry already receive way more subsidies than the electric car industry.When a company can make a truck with 350 horsepower and 500 lb of torque stock, with a rigid steel frame and carry me 700 miles on one tank (diesel) then maybe I will, till then I'll be Rollin coal :)Why is it in videos like this people can't distinguish someone's personal view from their business obligation?f*** the Koch brothers!! and James M. I'm buying electric everything.  you guys are great for bringing it to light!i cant wait tell the koch brothers go to hell with satan and rot there tell eternitymy car runs on Trump bumper stickers baby!!!!where do they think they will get their electricity from.#2 is the car I'd buy if I were bill gatesBad for the environment, dangerous lithium which explodes and leaves chemicals that are hard to deal with...only a future if fools let it be! Diesel is the future euro 6 ;)Butchered Le Mans.Corvette GXE is worlds fastest top speed electric car...Dubuc motors Tomahawk - 3s, and the best car for life for just 110.000$! Only real concurent - rimac concept, but its 10 times more expensive.Electric cars are sh1tI like that Tesla Roadster. I would like to see a Tesla convertible in production and then I might  buy it.I thought about getting a Tesla Model S someday. Might wait a while & find a used one for cheap. But at $50k new a used Model S would be in the $25k to $30k price range. The top speed of a Model S is at about 150 MPH & that's is pretty impressive for an electric car. I test drove the Model S on an abandoned air strip & I almost got it to it's top speed. It was a blast driving it.I'll go for a teslaIf you look at the world of rc car racing you can see that electric brushless motors outperform any type of gas motor in every category.  All we need is for the battery companies to stop hoarding their designs for advanced batteries and we can see the same performance on a larger scale.  The problem is that neither the battery industiries nor the gas industries want this to happen.  It'd destroy the sake of oil and with access to such powerful and long lasting batteries, the battery companies would also lose money. It's basically just human greed that's preventing us from moving forward.  Electric motors on the small scale produce muuuch more power and torque than their gas counterparts but for the time being,  we don't have access to batteries powerful enough to do it on a full sized car.Rimac or Tesla model 3Tesla model X. Sorry..wasn't in the lineup.What about the price I'm a millionaireYou should update this video. Tesla Model S does 0-60 in 2.5 secondsnow the model S packs more HP!rimac concept one can wreck allwhere is the koenigsegg regerawhere is the toroidion????white zombie datsun car .....Answer: yesAre wars for oil and other fossil fuels better for the environment.Bitch full of shit, dicovery ch full of shit.Coal fired generation she mentions india but not the UK that despite being finedmillione by the EU for dirty air quality ,so the EU fines the government and the government despite recomending diesels were good for the planet fine the drivers by direct and indirect taxes so they get the EU fines but make even more in fineing the drivers ,good take !Dang you are so pretty to be honest!Electric cars would be a life saver here in Utah where we suffer from terrible pollution and inversion in the winter.Gas burning cars use more electricity than electric cars do... when refining oil into gas.. the oil is heated using electricity...which is way more electricity into each gallon than an electric car can do...Hello, u stupid people! Gas and Oil are gone in 50 years, than i will so what u have so say...I don't know what she was saying. I was too busy looking at something else...





( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)If your MPG is equal to 40 in the electric car, it's definitely green over it's lifetime unless you're comparing it to a golf cart.MPG doesnt really translate to km / l  
most countries use l  / 100km from what i know 
so km per liter isnt much of a reference point for people using l / 100 
*just a little side note*Soon tesla's charging station will be solar powered so you don't have to worry where they get their electricity. second lithium ion batteries don't have to be disposed. so they should find a way to recycle it.This is nothing but Oil Company propaganda and lies. I've driven only my 2014 Nissan Leaf since May 18th, 2014 and its cost me literally nothing to drive. I've now got 28,000 Miles on it. Even after 30 Months now, it still achieves around 80-100 Miles range. I drive everywhere I want to go and get home at the end of the day and plug it in to charge it. If I didn't want to pay to charge it, I could just drive on down to a public charging station, many are FREE to charge. Its only around $30 a month in electricity to charge it at home anyhow. It doesn't require gas, oil changes, an oil filter, fuel pump, water pump, exhaust system, belts, pulleys, power-steering pump, timing chain, operates the same regardless of outside temperature, can be recharged by any electricity source (solar, wind, etc), doesn't have a transmission, no fuel injectors, no piston rings, no head gasket, no engine manifold gasket, and the list goes on and on. With the modern wave of 200+ Mile EVs soon to hit the market (Chevy Bolt, Tesla Model 3, Nissan Leaf, etc), electrics cars will become even more commonplace. They'll displace petroleum-based cars as the primary vehicle on the world's roads in the near future.This video is entirely False, if you are using petrol car it only utilizes 20 to 30 percent of the energy from gas and balance wasted as heat, piston friction, vibration, combustion process, conversion of electrical energy (for lights, electronics) etc...  plus it emits toxic gasses. on the other hand EV cars only need the battery and electric motor to run, some simple units to control, using the electrical energy to mechanical energy gives multiple times more efficient, powerful than a gas engine, plus the EV can regenerate power which combustion engine can't do and the coal power plant is more efficient than combustion engine because it recycles the waste heat and also it has lot of filtering system that prevents toxic emissions, if the electricity is generated from solar power or other sustainable energy than problem solved -> 0 emissions. if the demand and production capacity increased (which will be soon I guess) then there will be enough resource to establish more sustainable energy Power plants and use them to mine or factories to produce cars and batteries.  moreover, the new Tesla Giga factory is entirely using sustainable energy resource. it's a shame for DNews creating such a video to get the attention from people :(Very poorly researched.Why dont you mention battery powered cars can only last for maximun 10 years? Then you will need another vehicle which is an another story when come to traditional cara which can last for average about 20 yearsYou don't "dispose" of the batteries, you recycle them.Your talking crap do your research, li batters are recyclablei love how petrol companies pay money to people to make fun of electrc cars...the solution is not buying is to stop buying. Buying things is the cause of global warming3rd car I don't like it please make 100% electricAds are getting smarterELETRIC TOP car is Tesla! the rest is  only  a jokeI just wonder if it possible to make a self-charging car? You know, charging while the car is moving so that we don't have to wait for a long time to chargeI really liked the porche the should put it in the market, the design is awesome... but right now we only really have the tesla'sIncorrect title. The "best" word needs to be removed. "Five Electric Cars" is appropriate.  Some of these cars are not in production yet as of Dec 2016.  Be wary of the word "best" when used as to anything as it implies opinions or factors not published.  For example, the Tesla Model S has long range due to a large battery pack but as to miles per kilowhat hour, due to its size and weight, is less efficent than others.  Just saying.Nissan Leaf best selling electric car but i like Jag's I pace  concept. It is very elegantTesla Is the bestTesla is The Best!
It's a Pure Electric Car, it's an Affordable Car and it's a Real Car.
Another Electric Cars are or too expensive, or conceps/prototypes, or not so ergonomic like Tesla. So, at the moment, Tesla is The Best Pure Electric Car in The World - with four doors and five seats, huge luggage and enormous range per charge, super acceleration and high top speed!That Porsche is pretty damned sweet.That Porsche, I want.That audi is baeThe Germans are lagging behänd the Americans in the electric mobility light years!

Die Deutschen hinken den Amerikanern in der Elektromobilität um Lichtjahre hinterher!Too expensive.Wonder how reliable the Porsche is going to be in electric form as their dirty carbon fuel motors don't even do that well, not even in the top 20 cars by the standard of today!Yes these are not all Electric cars, Please change your title of this YouTube video to: "5 Best Electric/Hybrid Cars" or re-edit your video and take out the Audi and BMW Hybrid vehicles. Good effort but not very well researched and false or incorrect title. Sorry!  "v"bad titled...concept, concept, concept, concept. Tesla.hahaha, the Mercedes has a range of about 150 km, the Porsche didn't exist, the Audi and the BMW aren't a electric vehicle. Bad Video! This is Top trashy Information!hoping these cars become prevalent

we don't need to use oil anymore..Corvette fastest world record top speed 209mph......Am I the only one who thinks that we should have a competition where all the big electric car companies race to so who would win? The companies could design their independent race vehicles, and not have rely on previously built models.Edit this video! Model S 100D Ludicrous+ does 0 to 60mph in 2.29 seconds.I did not except a RenaultI'm in love with the Rimac and the Renault. Like sexy asian twins you can't live without. Basically anything but the Teslas.
Musk did to tesla what obama did to ACA, basically rubbed his drippy junk all over it. Metaphorically speaking of course.
For the musk disciples, and interested others, The Tesla origin story. - Enjoy...
http://www.businessinsider.com.au/tesla-the-origin-story-2014-10JUST WONDERFUL..!!!!!!!!Mate Rimac is the Winner by far. This guy changed the automobile industry  from the 19th century into the 21st century! 
Go Rimac!
Go Croatia!Renault as is like kungsRimacRimac is like $1 mil and Tesla tops 150K. The rest is not even for sale. Tesla rules, when Rimac drops their price to maybe 200K then it may be competitive. I like Renault hood design with those little hex breathing openings.Tesla Model S P100D can now do 0 to 60 in only 2.28 seconds according to motor trend.The Trezor has five problems: The Rhombus at every "corner"!a tuned Glickenhaus can fuck The Nioanyone found an approximate price for when the Renault releases?can't wait untill fuel run outdoes it run on aa or aaa batteries also the name it sounds like a plot in a Porno rimjob come on guys think of a better nameep9 sounds like a jet plane!tesla's huge screen looks awful..ha ha....the title should be quickest as most of the cars on the list are not fast just quickyay copyright#1 Fossil fuel will run out by 2100 anyway#8 One car magazine once calculated the carbon footprint of an electric car powered by electricity made from coal. It was larger than the carbon footprint of a Citroen C5 with a 2.2 diesel.All drivers and fans of eco vehicles ,join the facebook group rEVolution and display your E.V. ,share experience,opinion,advice,event...
https://www.facebook.com/groups/1649696478605586/?fref=ts

For E.V. highlights like  facebook page E.V.world wide
https://www.facebook.com/EVWorldWiide/Amazing.. love u electric cars ..Apple gave up. Others like Tesla are way ahead and keep moving forward. EVen GM is back in it with the Bolt, but not big time like Tesla.Ask if the electric car will replace the traditional car is the same as a hundred years ago have asked if the car would replace the wagon pulled by horses.Banana man your car is here !I love reading these old posts......
     In China solar now produces more electricity then coal
      VW has moved full production to making EV'SI think  and u trying to kill the only company Tesla wan2 change our world for good .u r a liar Nissan is not electric hybrid is bull shitI wonder how many times the apple car will have to updateIt must be shocking driving an electric car when rainingMore misinformation than you could shake a stick at!Nissan's leaf isn't a hybrid.  It's a pure electric vehicle.  From what I understood of your definitions, hybrids need to be powered by gasoline at some point.No mention of the Chevy Bolt EV?!On the carbon footprint.  If a person can afford $100,000 Tesla, they can afford solar on their roofs to either charge their car or offset the energy they use.Oops! I broke the windshield wiper of my brand new apple car! Guess I'll have to buy a new one.The Nissan Leaf isn't a hybrid, it's a battery electric vehicle.Who killed the electric car, an alternate view.
"Oil companies stood to lose enormous profits if EV sales took off and they colluded with others to kill the electric car"
.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0489037/synopsisYou guys have less facts than Fox NEWS.

-Honda has hydrogen car for few years now. FCX Model. (there might be more cars but definitely toyota is not alone)
-Hybrids are powered by generator that runs when car goes above 30mph and stores energy into battery. If it was powered by brakes friction only, it would not go far on electrics
-Leaf is not a hybrid, it's fully electric.
-There should be 5th category of an electric cars, an active hybrid it runs along with gas engine.
-Problem with Apple building a car is that it takes thousands of engineers and few years of development and it would be an impossible to hide. When Apple will start making an electric car we will know it fast.doble steam cars could be a good alternative ..fuel efficiency is something like twice that of petrol cars..with a no loss closed water circuit they could be extremely efficient0:52 Kudos to Dan Neill. The Porsche Cayman S. He pronounces it  correctly "PORS-CHE" not "Porschhhh"  Bangkok-Johnny AUTO Editor Pattaya Today www.pattayatoday.net1:13:47 I like this part, the old and the new generation together.ALL of these big car manufacturers only decided to develop EV's because Tesla did it first, and did it so well to boot. So to hear these crooked, money grubbing capitalists speak so good of EV's now is actually disgusting and hypocritical. They all hated the idea of EV's before that, and were likely responsible for the sabotage or arson of many EV startups. Without Tesla i've no doubt we wouldn't even have hybrids now in 2017And now we have an agent orange who wants to "mine coal".
See where does the electricity is produced from... Coal, worse than gas!Carlos doesn't get enough respect, he's no Elon but man they did a good job on the Leaf and that little Zoe, stupid battery lease aside which only plays into the misconception that batteries are a problem.Delorian springs to mind !Did Elon do a "bait and switch"?  He only says yes because he's tired or missed the real meaning of the term.  It was a bait and switch in mechanical terms, but not an intentional deception.  More accurately, his people didn't realize the final costs, and ran into a wall.  They needed to update the costs and charges because of that.EVs are our future! Great Documentary!Half the price of Tesla for that Porsche 356 roadster? WHAT?? the cheapest ones i see are 600k around my area hahaHearing all of the naysayers is so funny now. The guy talking about there is no way Tesla can make a Sedan is so funny.Kick this mule! Pump out those PM2.5s! Of course everything man made has an emission cost including EVs. They may have "100%" efficient motors but they are hugely heavy (e-Golf 330kg battery pack for 24kWh) or overly large CdA (high drag) so vehicle efficiency is poor. Energy density is a huge issue. With 4kg  of fuel (can even be waste Veggie oil) I can take 4 adult passengers 100 miles in  y 16 year old Audi. A BMW i3 barely do that in summer (60Ah) let alone winter. Every year the battery degrades 3 to 4 % even without useage. Not a big deal for a massive Tesla S but huge in a Leaf or similar EV. Using rapid charging degrades the battery even faster. Where does the Cobalt come from to make cell phone and EV batteries? 50% from Congo: 40,000 kids mining the stuff just at today's demand levels. As an aerospace engineer I love the technology but can't justify the repeated mistakes of the ICE industry now being played out by EVangelism.Love this documentary! Bob Lutz, Carlos Goshn and Elon Musk are my favorites!Nice.Thanks. Great!awesome documentary thanks for sharing thisi just can understand how that guy in the beginner can love sports cars and still like electric too....i love sports cars, i dont care about going fastest in the world, as long as the speed is decent. But if theres no SOUND and DRAMA. then its just not what i want. its just not the same :( sure you could say im polluting, and say i dont care about the environment (although i do), but....the emotion is just not there. Maybe have a hybrid in a sense that if i want to do mundane driving ill use the electric power, but also somehow squeeze at least a 6 cylinder in there with good gasoline power and a good exhaust?they have the bolt (fully electric) now but it has less range the the Tesla model 3 and costs more and Chevy isn't know for its qualitywhy China not included in this? they said China produced a lot more EV compared to the US. 
...Oh maybe in the part 2.- electric is coolBMW 115 ev range so
0-60 Lol horribleFucking rubbish Got to go and visit the family and one would have to charge the fucking thing up more than 20 times  to drive about  2000 Ks that would take an extra day waiting for the car to get charged,Fucking toy'sGeez, the available Bolt is way over all the cars mentioned here.Go AirHybrids, plug-in or otherwise, are not EVs so why mention them?Hydrogen sucksI  detailed some relative measures as a reply to someone else's comment, that could be calculated, for the battery capacity compared to mass of the car, and the torque-per-tonne for the motor used in the car.  Here, I just wanted to point out, less than a year later after this video was published, and the thought of anyone buying an EV that fails to make triple-digit miles range, already seems ridiculous?! Plus, reinforce what some have said - in times of great innovation, it means great depreciation in car value!  Combined with low interest rates, leasing probably makes sense for a year or two until it reaches a plateau.  EG in two years, if MOST electric vehicles beat 200 miles range on a cold day, with heaters on, any vehicle NOT making that mark, is dead in the water probably?  EDIT sorry, and of course, the alternative energy-sapping system, Air-con in Texas or France in July.  Note also, the Nissan lags by relying on air-cooled batteries which hybrid car review report means early battery degradation ie even shorter range after just one or two summers!I would  like  to  have  a  Honda  Clarity.Mercedes benz b class can't fast charge. Try going further than 115miles and having to wait six hours for a slow recharge.Nobody mentioned the price. No doubt some are cheaper than others.Not very efficient are they. Try a 1000 mile trip and see how often you have to keep stopping. 

Pit stops: Hyundai Elantra GLS would be 4 fuel stops, the BMW or Mercedes would be 9 stops. Elantra would cost you about an extra hour. And how long to recharge the EVs?

JDRange extender engines are hybrids like prius, been here forever, these are not all true electricsThey all look like DOG BOXES where are the real aesthetic designers gone to ? Thank goodness they are getting cleaner.. about time too.. only 40 years too late I'd say.. you can thank the vehicle motoring lobby for that bit of pollution and millions of deaths due to it over past 40 years worldwide oh and our inept stuck in the mud politicians too !When there is a big suv that can do 1000klms without recharging, you can talk to me about electric cars.  I am NOT going to compromise on size as I use the volume often.  PHEV maybe...if it is a good system and I keep my big suv.You mentioned in all the models the mileage range of the EV's but you did not in the Tesla, only that it was very fast, what is up with that? Also you need to drop your texting at the bottom or do a better job of syncing it up with the audio, it totally sucks big time!lmersades 115 mile range and slow 0-60 Lol that sucksthere are some really nice vehicles in there.  I like the hydrogen power pack.  Wonder if anyone else is bringing that out.you dummy.. your title say "Best Electric Cars with the Longest Driving Range" but yet you didnt mention the range for tesla,, tesla has other models , which you also didnt mention.. you just put all the garbage EV cars with 100 miles range.. tesla is much better car on everything when it comes to EV vehicles.. PERIOD !!!!Amazin vehicule !! wish i can have one !!Electric cars don't really interest me but they are good for the environment so I have to consider it at leastElectric rubbish put the heaters on or radio or lights wipers and bye bye mileage youed get paranoid about useing themHey, love that car so much... and also the girl.I like this presenter, her style of talking reminds me of Quentin Willson.I wanna drive a car that looks like this FUTURISTICI was looking for you, Rebecca.... :)!Ms Jackson always have a knack making mundane looking vehicles exciting to look at.Not a chance I'd buy this car....very good review thoughNot the only thing feeling jerky am I right lads OIOI!
I'd put my elephant in her room OIOI!
I'd charge her up for three pounds OIOI!
I'd fill her up with nightmares about range anxiety OIOI!
I'd give her a large boot OIOI!
I'd give her legroom a squeeze OIOI!
I'd score her practicality OIOI!
I'd give her it all from zero revs OIOI!
I'd give her 13.5 seconds OIOI!
I'd handle her really well OIOI!
I'd give her a really generous spec OIOI!
I've got two things that would immediately hit her OIOI!
I'd soon run out of puff on her OIOI!
I'd give her a fidgety ride OIOI!
I'd give her an entry level model OIOI!
I'd give her a charge at home OIOI! 
I'd give her a weeks worth of driving OIOI!
I'd buy her batteries outright OIOI!
I'd give her a domestic socket OIOI!
I'd give her between thirty minutes and nine hours OIOI!
I'd give her an overall 8 out of 10  OIOI!
I'd subscribe to her telegraph cars youtube channel OIOI!Pull away from a standing start is rapid. They say 0-30mph in 3 seconds so why does it say it takes over 10 seconds more to get from 30 to 60? I have driven my mums Zoe and it seems a lot quicker than that. I love fast cars but the Zoe is a hoot to drive and quite frankly not slow..Super E-Car und Leistbar.   Gruß Aus dem Salzkammergut  ÖsterreichThat logo is fuglyWant this to be my first car when I'm older. I absolutely love Renaults.Waste of money 80 miles!What a wonderful accent.Why not to buy a Nissan LEAF？You are really energetic n charges we people,u did't mentioned top speed of the zoe.,i realy liked your reviews n subscribed for the channel.Youre driving on the wrong side of the road woman!! What is wrong with brittish people,pretty and sexy. she convinced meEV pornFrom the outside, I think the Opel Ampera-e looks better than it's sibling Chevy Bolt.  As gas/petrol in Europe is give or take $6 a gallon, there could be demand for Opel/Vauxhall Ampera-e.FuglyHow about providing some actual useful information and details about the cars. Speak! Speak fido speak!!  Just annoying music and video without any details or information. Why do you even post on youtube in the first place?How comes their no flying cars?I still don't see the point in electric cars as they are supposed to be eco friendly but electricity is made mostly through burning fossil fuelsMasha'Allah very nice thanks so much how muchMercedes the best.One really in 2017 from this list the Ampera-e. Why has it got a grill and massive door handles on a ev?Save time. watch at x2 speedThis would be good if it had some info such as range, price and date availableWhat about the new Smart Electric Drive fortwo. now that's a good car.Where are all the wagons??? All i see is hatchback, sedans and tiny toy cars. Where the the family station wagons?You did NOT include Teslaa hated music in background, so stupid, can you put something more suitable, I stop watching this at 3 min and my thumb is downif you like stupid music and no facts watch this stupid show.so this is a slide show...wht no car specs?  pointless videowhy is this video so stupid. Can someone just talk and tell me about the cars.มาไทยเจอกำแพงภาษี  โค ตร แ ด ก กำไรน้ำมัน2025 seems to be a big year for the German Electric Car.  If it is true the lifecycle to design a car is 6 years or so, then they will start work on these in 2019?!  No seriously, VW etc have already got the E-Golf and so forth.  Mercedes an Electric B-class they are ashamed of (what else can we say, they obviously don't want to tell anyone about it?), BMW one of those 'look at me I am an EV' called the i3 (a very dated way to design an EV now the Ioniq and the Bolt and the Volt are out).  There's a saying - 'caught with your pants down'.  The Asian countries opted 15 years ago it is said, to pursue electric and petrol, while Europe decided to follow diesel.  Now look where it's all landed.  Regular Paris bans on cars with even number plates, London in trouble with air quality too (never passed the standards on this) and so on.  One big push for spreading the tech, is the used car market - and LEAFs proliferate there.  In the UK, five grand (admittedly in GBP) will get you a 24kWh LEAF just 3 years old.  That, as much as anything, will spread the EV culture.  Who doesn't want to save 4/5 of their gas (petrol) bill on their commute?!:(
      Actually, aside from which one to buy, my biggest fear about EVs is that will I live long enough for the price
      to come down to the point where the retired working class person can afford to own one?
:(Chrysler Portal, the way to go. Gotta wonder why would they not build this vehicle?Electric cars will become acceptable when you can get a 500 mile range with the heater and windshield wipers and the headlights on and it takes less than 10 minutes to completely recharge the batteries. The way it is now, the Nissan Leaf claims a 100+ mile range, but if all you do is run the heater you'll be lucky to get 20 miles out of it. We got a long way to go.Ever were I go all I see is " look at all these new revolutionary technologies x company made" when we know dam well Tesla did it and now they are copying them,like this morning I saw the add for the new Prius prime and it has "a revolutionary 11in display" definitely not a copy of the modle s or X interiorI'm completely crazy for electric cars, and I would cross-shop the ID Buzz (Bus) and the Chrysler Portal.  Of course, Tesla is working on a bus concept, too, so worth waiting for.LOL the Chevy Bolt looks like a tiny family van!Ouuuuu Golf-E has a range od 124mile - whooooooooptie fkkkkking dooooooo

Why do they even botherSeems like the overall styling trend is making cars front heavy. Huh?The leaf needed the refresh now. With the bolt M3 and other EV's on the market it has outlived it's design and they are not selling that well.There is a huge market for an ultra safe EV minivan like the portal. The first thing people take into account when transporting their kids is safety.Thumbs up for the Portal.   Just in case Chrysler is reading comments.Trump can't change the emissions rules to 2025, if he changes it the EV future is not right.VW should build that dam van.  ASAP. They have a hit there.Wow,btw,where does that leave Asian-automakers like #Tata,#Suzuki,, #Mazda and #Isuzu?You can thank the Chinese for the mass adoption of Electric vehicles. By 2025 all new passenger vehicles sold in China must be electric. Honda motors said that if you look at the emission standards, although it doesn't say electric, you can NOT meet the emission standard except with electric vehicles. That's why all the companies that sell vehicles in China are coming out with a full lineup of their models by 2025.maybe. electric    car   just  good for summer   I don't turast     something happened.  you. lose.          buttery.   finished. is finished    cold. day.   you.  frozemmmeeehhhhhwhy are all electric cars in production (apart from Tesla) so ugly????Assuming each individual battery goes bad on the Volt. There are 8 toatal. They cost $300 on ebay. Worst case scenario your battery parts around around 2k. Not too badBalling in his Electro car.Camera work SUCKS...rotating and jittery...Don't buy because battery will wear out.
Holy f*ck. That's extremely bad... Dislike, definitely dislike.Dont put your hands in your pocket like that, be professional.Gas vehicles also reduce range if you accelerate more aggressively...  My motorcycle's gas tank lasts me 135-140 miles on the street, but on the track it'll last me maybe 40-50 miles of riding hard.He makes some very pertinent points here. However I don't think the problem of expensive and complex electronic component wearing out and needing replacing and turning the car into a financial black hole is exclusive to electric cars.
Have you seen how much electronics are packed into modern cars in general? Especially the high end stuff..? It's crazy.
Cars in general have gone from being means of transport to motorised consumer electronics devices with an economical life of 5-10 years, and it's madness! The electrics need to change this if they are to be considered environmentally responsible in the long term.I don't understand; doesn't the first point apply to any car? Are you not always limited by fuel..?I got a used 2012 Nissan Leaf with 34,000 miles for a little over $7000 all in. even with battery degradation I still can drive 50 miles (give or take depending on temp etc..) and after 7,000 miles, I have enjoyed the car and spent 0 $$$ on maintenance or gas.  Free public charging when I can, and I charge at home overnight. So far so good!I love tesla though the other electric cars are piece of shitsI've seen plenty of prius cars going for 150,000 to 200,000 without complaint battery wise. I think it would have paid for itself by then.SpaghettiTend to agree with this info, but most of it applies to gas cars.Thanks Rob spaghettiThe LUDACRIS mode is quite something!!dumbass spaghetti once again knows nothing.  lol.  our volt at 85k still has the same range as new and the battery is under warranty from chevy till 100k.  there are volts out there with 250k miles and still have the same battery!    nice try.electric cars are not fuN?  Ludicrous accelerations (not just from zero to sixty) are not fun? Dawg take this L and sit down...moms spaghetti.step on the pedal not the gas?Borrow borrow borrow rent rent rent, what is the world coming toBrilliant video. 
Will you be doing a review of the 2017 Toyota Prius Plug-in?Disappointing the cheapest EVs have not been mentioned here... Renault ZOE and the Nissan LeafI bought a used Nissan Leaf sv 2015 with 13,000 miles on it for a great deal. Got it for More than half of what it was originally purchased, and it's in great shape.  It's a great car.I liked this one. Packed with facts, I don't like the interviews because Robert is too agreeable on the interviewee instead of challenging them with some difficult questions. But if I were looking for an electric car- this is a very good start. Maybe the same for Europe? Maybe eastern Europe, like... Poland maybe? ;)I own 2 Renault Zoe's. a 2014 model and a 66 plate. The 2014 model's battery is now down to 79% state of health after the odd 43Kw charge and the rest 7KW home charge 30k miles. Later this year it will reach the 75% point of replacement under RCI agreement. - I had option to buy.  I so am glad i rented, because i work with Lithium batteries and unfortunatley they do have an average life of about 3-4yrs - and this is about the right timing. After that they will rapidly deteriorate dependant on several factors. So......my advise to anyone buying a EV & battery out right is.... "be aware its your battery now, warranty on the battery is actually the warranty on the car. Once you sell your car, the buyer will have the remaining warranty.(Say you get 5 years, sell at 3, with 2 yrs left). So next buyer is buying a car he can own safely for next 2 yrs at reduced performance and range. After that....the car is dead metal, as replacing a battery is mega.....expensive its just not worth it."  So.....what are these Buy Battery EV cars worth going forward. If you transfer a battery lease, your cheaply leasing the car in roundabout way really .....battery under performs and fails after a year = you get a brand new battery pack fitted free, and provided your cars chassis is ok....you gotta almost a new car :-) I would not hesitate to buy a EV on a rented battery arrangement with some Chassis warranty left too, knowing what i know about current EV Li cell technology. Piece of mind. ;-)I wonder who the 40 boring people are who voted this episode down?Interesting watching this now that the ioniq (which I have an order) has been released which has completely changed the pricing model of EV'sIronic there's an ad by edf energy and HINKLEY POINT! At the beginning of the video.It's refreshing to enjoy an EV video created by someone that actually owns one.

I haven't seen a video discussing the purchase of a used EV.  Thanks for the info.Its really great that this channel exists, it's really great to learn about really living with new electric techLease Cost per mile inclusive of any deposit would help.Leasing is more expensive for most cars.Most live in a flat so nowhere to charge overnight.The biggest killer of battery capacity is time.  You will be required to change the batteries after 8 years.Tyres wear out more with additional weight.We can't get any quotes on personal contract hire for i3 Rex anywhere close to those quoted here.  BMW just quoted me £500+ with 3000 deposit over 3 years.  Crazy.  These cars have started to go mentalWhat *NOT* to do... go on craigslist, find a 1981 Plymouth Jet Electrica 007, take it to a track and "race" it. (everything on it was 35yo. even the brakes. well, we did replaced the tires; and after driving around an active track -- at 45mph! -- we _increased_ the amount of tread on them.)

[Google it! That's a real production electric car from the 80s. It's pure shit from a golf cart company, but still a road legal, crash tested car.]When I was at a Renault dealers recently it was suggested that an advantage of leasing the battery was the ability to upgrade to a newer one without the expense. I was considering buying a used model for around £5/6k and paying the £5k to have the newer capacity battery fitted. On Car Wow though several dealers are offering a brand new model for around £15k plus battery lease. The battery lease is currently £99 a month for up to 10.5k miles per annum.Would be great to have a more indepth show on second hand ev's - which is the best one, pros and cons, what to look out for, any scams and what are the prices?Can buy today? Maybe if you live in California. The Leaf is the only one I can find regularly on the market where I live.Did not even mention the Blue RAV4 EV right behind them, Waaaay better than the LEAF!!Glad to see Kurt Warner got a job after retiring! Seriously, the dude is a dead ringerHybrids are not electric cars.Hybrids don't count if it's not pure electric it should not be compared to a Tesla.I'll chose chevy volt as the best car, for one simple reason, i don't need to worry after it runs out of chargeI'll wait for my Tesla Model 3!I'm not into electric cars, I am into Tesla, And it is the only car I want right now. No other is a match for TeslaI'm sorry but this video is extremely boring. Next time get to the point. Give us the list, give us facts why the car is on the list and in that slot while showing video footage of the car. Don't sit down and chit chat with someone we don't care to know. Don't talk about irrelevant things. Just give us what we clicked for. This video is 12 mins when it could've been 6 mins.Kia zoul ev is like 100miles of range! Definitely not 70-80My full-size Lincoln Town Car has a 300 mile range plus a reserve of 50 miles to find a gas station (you don't want to run gas tanks dry). It fully 'recharges' in a couple of minutes. I think Fisker and EVolt should have opted for greater battery range versus the sporty turbocharged 4 cylinder motors . . . plus, those cars can come in handy during power outages as they can double as a generator for your home. As for the 'electric only' Teslas . . . only for Sunday driving and commutes . . . you don't want to plan a trip over 200 miles . . . be real. And you can drive 200 miles in three hours! The LEAF is affordable and therefore better for specialized applications, short trips, local commuting . . . but if you are going to own one car, has to be an internal combustion or hybrid.Some anti Tesla sentiment. Selling ugly, inefficient, used cars by large companies and laughing about Elon trying to change something on a big scale - which does take time. But "That car is cool, it's orange ... "The Nissan LEAF has to be the best used car deal ever if you just need an around town car. 2014 and 2015 models are going for under ten grand here on the East Coast with less than 15,000 miles. And these are the SV and SL models!There is a mistake here as to the Chevy Volt: it is an electric car and not a hybrid. The batteries can only be charged via a plug. The engine does not charge the battery, just produces electricity to move the motors. Do note this fact as to the Volt.This guy is just promoting the cars he sells. The i3 is unquestionably better than any of the cars he listed. No, it's not good in snow. But for everyday use, it drives much better than the EVs he's promoting. Maybe the video should have been called "Top 5 EVs for a Colorado Snow Storm."What about the VW e-Golf!!??? I find it better than the Leaf, nicer to drive, and great quality interior, sporty drive, just as much range as all of those listed, sans the Kia Shoebox. And Same price as the Leaf but looks and drives way better....fuel fossil is the principal source of corruption in the governments, here in my country we are paying more tax for every liter of gasoline than the real value.
I would like the success of the electric car.god damn LOL at the end of the vid, why did they start making caddies so ugly : /people started selling their old EVS to buy the new tesla 3.  lolreally isn't fair to compare a hybrid.2 years later and Tesla still reign supreme on top, unchallenged. That reminds me to NEVER listen to any Bloomberg advice...2 years later.. Space X landed the first reusable rocket and Tesla still on top lol, Cost went down to 70k for the model S, and 35k for model 3.Electric range and performance none are as good as model sElon isn't stupid. he opened his patents of the electric car build to the public to create this competition. the cars will use his creation of electric stations... lol so tesla isnt going anywhereFiat..... why make an unattractive car, is this why they had to put an attractive woman in the seat? 
IF you are going to make an EV go all the way!I would only take the Fiat, but only if the driver really comes with it.Matt Miller forgot his homework!Meh.Mistake: none of these cars is cooler than TeslaNot a fan of this video.  Its like trying to sell you on buying a walkman over an ipod.  Tesla's model 3 is between 30-40k and gets 200 mile range on a charge.  Added to which it looks good.  The cars in this video are so primitive in comparisonOh I don't know about that. That BMW I8 willl certainly give the Tesla a run for the moneyRidiculous comparison really LOLOLOL why would u compare a fucking FIAT to a Tesla. 

Look at the guys eyes, he knows its silly himself:)

Worst clip everTesla is the champion it sounds like companies are searching for a piece of the pieThis is like comparing with Nokia phone with iPhone.  This is why businessmen shouldn't run the world. They're ignorant about technologies and differences between them ... all they care about is price, which is the most artificial indicator in the world, it doesn't really reflect value or anything important ...all of your choices will never compare to a Tesla the BMW's about $35,000 more and guess what it still won't be a Tesla on a quarter mile let alone it reaches 60 mile per hour on a 2.9 seconds BMW reaches 60 mile in 4 sec ...you do the math ...and which of them can use the supercharger? (for free)hydrogen fuel cells do more harm than good...Tesla wins...you are comparing the wrong cars...a hybrid and an all electric are 2 different thingsmy comment is：haha～～!teslas are better because it won the 2013 motor trend car of the year award*These could be accurately described as "drills in impracticability".*Are any of those available for purchase in the US?Hahahah! SO FUCKING STUPID! BE AMERICAN. BUY AMERICAN YOU FUCKING RETARDS!Most of those cars look like toilets with wheels.My advice to manufacturers,    make electric cars look like regular cars, instead of something that came out of a 1950s Sci-Fi flick.  there is a reason Tesla, and Prius sold so well,  they look like,  cars.  not escape pods from battleship galactica.Theres one thing for certain, Elon has totally disrupted car manufacturing :)UM MODELO MAIS LINDO QUE O OUTRO...amazing carshow much in philippines peso of this of ecarnicethat eliica or what's it name is over 7 years old, so definitly not for 2016,poor mixyou should see the dance I made up to this songAn electric-powered "sports car" is like alcohol-free gin. The two don't mix.Battery weight. If we can just overcome the size of batteries to store large amounts of power, then electric would be unstoppable. But right now, Fuel just has more power to weight.Design remind me koennessegg Swedish,EP9? What happened to episodes one through eight? XD
Anyway, this thing is cool as dry ice.Great car & project ! love it ! However, it is 44s behind 1990s' lap record with a combustion engine. (I know this is not F1, and this is definitly not Nigel driving :) )I wonder what the lap time on a Formula 1 Track would be compared to a Formula 1 car!I'm still not with this electric car movement but I'll take the EP9 over the rimacIt sounds good tbh. Sounds like a jet engine spooling up. I'd love to piss off my neighbors with that sound.Its still 12 seconds off pace. But its pace at the NurburgRing was impressive to say the least! This is the future but not with batteries....Let us see a REAL run down a 1/4 mile stripLooks even more advanced than Concept One. As for the design, NIO takes the victory here by far.Now make us an everyday driving vehicle....OH MAN! Listen to those electrons move!PUT THIS IN FORZASo how fast is it compared to a similar combustion car????Unfortunately one of the best engineer of ep9 he died ....da fuq u want that giant wing slowing u down for if u already have all the weight of the batteries lololol .awesome machinereminds me of mr garrisons transport machine, sounds like itsounds like my rc car lolyou should set the record on every major track in the world.Can't wait to see the Tesla Model 3 added to this list. I really think it is going to be a game changer.Did you miss the SMART EV or is that not available in the U.S?Do a video on all electric cars. Not any of these hybrid wannabe'sEnjoyed the quick reviews - price, general interesting specs provided, some other info about the cars, lots of info . . . Links are also a great part of this post.How is it going to work car  heater and air conditioner?It is a shame that Renault's EV cars not on the list. Although Renault was one of the first massive manufacturer of electric cars , they earned bad reputation by neglecting all the Fluence ze owners who got stuck with poor batteries.Maybe someone here can help. I live in VA. Is it possible for me to go to State where available and buy an Golf EV and still Title it here where I live. Also would I still be able to get any of the Federal rebates ? Thank you for the excellent review. It is one of the few EV overviews that compares the models available.Of these only 2-3 are available in Australia and they're all in the executive class (ie BMW, Tesla)Renault company don't care about there customers in Israel, the batteries decay very quickly in hot climate Renault and the dealer Do not want to give us a fair solution and replace the batteries to second generation.The Model S is a real dreamcar.WHAT A SHAME, A WW3 FOR PETROL (GASOLINE)...                  ELETRIC CAR RIGHT NOW!WOW!  Didn't realize there were so many pure EVs available.  As tech improves, looks like ICE-based cars will go the way of the horse an buggy.

Enjoyed this roundup.  Just wished the 0-60 times was reported for every model.Where is the BYD E6 2016 ?
240 miles on one charge.
Driven over 18 million miles since 2010. China is 10 years ahead of the U.S. now !Where is the VW e-up?Why are they so limited in availability? A customer base does exist in the Midwest.Why cannot any car company build a car with 1000km range per wall charge
 for $30k
Its simple make the rear wheels as generators, power the front wheels 
and cover the hole body of the car in solar power. Why is it so 
hard???????????does mpg stand for mile per gallon? electric cars!!no 300 miles range = not buying it, the european models r a joke to teslawe need more electric car choices to end fossil fuels consumptionwish a company would make a nice four seat convertible that is all electric .Does he have a Facebook page or a YouTube channel? Really like this project, so would like to follow closely!EVE using volt batteries in his race truck.https://www.youtube.com/user/d55guy/videosElon is watching this video like "Hmm... time for a refresh of the roadster".Even though I am a massive EV nut. I hope ICE does not stop anytime soon for sports vehicles especially on this level of moding. If ICE could some how survive just for that market share alone, it would be a self limiting impact of ICE. I want to see a Racetrack where ICE are trying to compete with EVs in the future, not see them go away. Viability may be an issue.I wish I had a electric car.It should be said that the 2GR-FE is a great motor, just not for the Evora. Six-bolt mains, aluminum block, great sound, just really weak rods and pistons. An off-road racing team modified the platform to make 800hp on the stock crank It deserves far more credit than it getsOf course you could just asked lotus. 
http://www.lotuscars.com/engineering/evora-414e-hybridOnce a neglected contender in the automobile industry due to feasibility and expensiveness, the startups and researchers have extensively worked together to harness a practical car powered by the energy from sun. Here is a list of top 5 Solar-Powered Concept cars that are drive ready - http://bit.ly/2ng3PW3Pretty cool project, my thinking is along very similar lines. And I'm a genius :)
I do have a few concerns though. Is the Evora really light weight? It's about twice as heavy as a Lotus Elise. Similarly, I'm not sure it's true that the Volt batteries have higher power density than the Tesla cells. Can you fit two Volt packs into it?We put a Tesla drive unit in a 1990 VW Doka.  I used the Tesla subframe to make a lightweight jig with the three motor mounts to fabricate the mounts in the VW.  
We have a Quaife ATB differential to replace the stock open diff.What are you using to talk to the proprietary-ubersecret LG VTSM's on each battery module? As far as I've seen, _noone_ outside LG knows how to talk to them.Whats awesome about electric motors is you can keep increasing the power all you need is better cooling I bet that tesla motor could make over double the factory power provided the controller and battery can handle it.eeepiccc!heh, using traditional NiCd cells at beyond 60% charge will absolutely affect battery life more than this guy seems to think. that’s been true for as long as there have been NiCd cells. saying GM is “too conservative” won’t change that.  everybody (including the legendarily reliable prius) uses the 60% rule for a reason (ahem, reliability.)please keep us updated! Want to see this buildthat's a question I had for a while now but always get mixed answers soooo I'm going to ask it here.. again.. lol
does the electric airco pump munch power off your engine to due to the alternator needing to deliver more power?
or does it leave power untouched because it's not connected to the rotating assembly?the guy (working at CERN and hacking Tesla stuff) mentioned is: Michal Eliasway to ruin a great car.  electric existed prior to gas bald man with beard fyi.   hate when stupid people touch stuff great engineers already got right.   I wish people would also stop saying camery engine.  it's a 3.5 supercharged v6.  it's found na in the is350,  rcf 350, rx 350 gs350 and f sport etc.. it's a copporate toyota engine.  just like the 2jz was.  fyi the new ls series comes with a twin tube 3.5 camery engine 414hp with over 400 lbs of torque.   stick with fucking up cars that aren't rare.   like a mustang.  on a realistic standpoint,  batteries are heavy, a lotus is light. conterproductive to colin Chapman and the company philosophywho's the guy you mention in Ottawa, I'd like to check out his car.Um am I the only one that's commenting poor kidsman that. is the bestthat's a copyrightكلكم على زبي*_Next time get a human being to narrate the video. Computer voice is very off-putting._**  Otherwise excellent video.**_Next time get a human being to narrate the video._**  Computer voice is very off-putting.*Come on VW. It is time to go all electric with more than a half hearted "compliance" vehicle.
Nissan Leaf was once a leader in EV technology but it is now falling behind.
Soon a 200+ mile REAL range will be the minimum acceptable range for new EV's.
The Bolt is the start of auto makers other than Tesla providing long range EV's
The Tesla 100D Model S has a range of 335 miles.  The future is electric. No emissions.
It is time for Zoe, Leaf, BMW I3, VW e-golf, Hyundai Ioniq, Kia Soul, Ford Focus  and  others  to step it up.
Tesla is leading the way forward with all electric drive. Other auto makers are following grudgingly.
All electric vehicles are the future. No emissions.
The Tesla Model S 100D has aa 335 mile real range. 300 miles is a game changer.Great video for an intro to EVs.  I didn't know there are THIS MANY EVs available. Thank you.How could you miss the Chevy Volt?  Last year Tesla S was sold the most EV cars in the US, Chevy Volt second and Tesla X third, the market has spoken!  53 miles EV range, generator running at 42 mpg with a total range of 420+ miles.  No range anxiety, just fill up the 8.9 gal fuel tank and go another 373 miles.I know that there are 15 cars in this video. But it was very challenging to pick the best 10 vehicles. Please let me know which ones you like the most and or  your suggestions to this list.Lovely cars. The Bolt/Ampera distanced themselves from the competition. The standard is now 60kWh batteries.
Thanks for the video.Nice reviews. -
A note on DC Fast Charging on the SOUL EV is ok but drops from 44 kW to 4 kW at 81%. So getting a 100% Charge is hard. 
-On a LEAF the battery pack has not cooling so it's the only EV that loses capacity forever in the HEAT. 
-The SPARK EV is a best buy but Chevy stopped making them when the Bolt came out.
  Many locations in the USA can't get service for the FIAT 500e and we can't get the ZOE at all. Being available is very important along with service. 

KEEP UP the GOOD work.Odd video...

You start with the Tesla as you should, but also start on a negative note by showing the most expensive model available.  Are you trying to put a positive or negative spin on EVs?

I drove a Leaf for 3 years.  Using the battery to heat the interior has a huge impact on range.  If I used the heater VERY conservatively, the range of my Leaf was about 40 miles per charge when the outside temperature got below -10 degree F.  The effect that the heater has on range is never mentioned in these EV videos.

The Chev Bolt has caught my attention.  I don't know if I will be able to justify a Tesla model S, so my next vehicle purchase will likely be a Bolt.

You mention that the Ford Focus has a top end speed limit of 85 MPH and a range of 80 miles.  Alarms should be off in everyone's head with those numbers.  First, 85 MPH is not "a bit of a downside".  There are very few roads in the US with a speed limit of 85 MPH.  The "bit of a downside" is the range of 80 miles.  That is worse than the Leaf I drove for 3 years.  Cars with this range won't survive long term.  Nissan is waiting for their current stock of Leafs to be sold before they make their new 200+ miles per charge Leaf available.  It took a while, but Nissan finally figured out what is wanted, and needed to be successful.  Tesla and Chevrolet has figured out that the range needs to be 200 or more per charge.

You seem to be reading sales brochures when reviewing EV's.  Have you owned an EV (not a hybrid)?  If so, add your personal opinions.  It would make a video like this much more useful.  I suspect that you are just making Youtube videos.

One last note.  The method of charging was briefly mentioned in your video,  but a valuable, informational video would include real world experience with charging.  120 volt trickle chargers (level 1) are included with some (all?) of the EV's when you buy one.  If you have the luxury of being able to plug in while at work, then you might be able to get by with plugging in to 120 volts during the day while at work and at home during the rest of the day.  To make an EV practical, you really need to have 240 volt charging (level 2) available at home. It would have been great to have 240 volt charging at work, but I didn't even have the ability to plug in to 120 volts.  The 460 volt quick chargers (level 3) are very useful, but the cost to use one varies greatly and it seems like time stands still while you are waiting 20 to 25 minutes for the charge to get to 80%.  In some cases my charge wasn't near zero when when I utilized a level 3 charger so I didn't have to wait as long.You could eliminate most of them for being compliance vehicles and NOT cars. Cars go over 200 miles on a charge. Glorified golf carts go @100 miles.Zoe and all other EV makers need to step it up and give 200+ miles REAL range.
Nissan Leaf was once a leader in EV technology but it is now falling behind.
Soon a 200+ mile REAL range will be the minimum acceptable range for new EV's.
The GM Bolt with a 238 mile range is the start of auto makers other than Tesla providing long range EV's
The Tesla 100D Model S has a range of 335 miles.  The future is electric. No emissions.
It is time for Zoe, Leaf, BMW I3, VW e-golf, Hyundai Ioniq, Kia Soul, Ford Focus, Fiat 500E  and  others  to step it up.
Nissan needs to bring out its updated Leaf very soon.
People need to let the auto makers know that they want longer REAL range in EV's.great video, good infono electric for me!!plz lounch in indiasomeone needs to learn  how to count that was a review of 15 cars not 10But BMW cars are made for the really high-end customers, each production unit will run anywhere from USD50000 to USD 100000. Too bad.Cant afford an electric Bmw or a Tesla but the moment I ll be able to, Ill make sure its TESLA cause they are the ones who started the big electric revolution...Five years no maintenance.
Recharge twice a month.
That would be a better start for the electric car.GREAT.  the more the better...Hopefully they will be purchased by a different kind of  driver.  I'm optimistic that all the drivers of electric BMWs won't be douchebags like they are with the gas powered ones.I blame Tesla for this.I have learned nothing, just a whole lot of gibberish and babbling...I3 is listed at 50K, sorry BMW that's not affordable...Such a Liar. BMW is one of the german car companies lobbying heavily in China against their new zero emission mandate. In the same time delivering these flat out lies in interviews.They need to make the i3 all-wheel driveThey're just making ugly expensive car. Build fully electric 3 series under 40 grand than  we talk.This new BMW will give you about 186 miles range, not bad.UGGly! I've got my model 3 reserved thank you very much!did they just spoil the new 5 series in the background there? it seems to me that the car on the left doesnt look like a 7 series o.Oi3 look so ugly.... If they make i3 look like a normal car it would sell like hot cakes... Telsa model 3 for the same price look so much better...i3 looks like a sturmtruppen star wars helmet...the i3 is very consistent on its details that are very well made and refined very compact and easy to park, spacious on its interior, maybe not everybody's cup of tea, was not mine either first time I saw it, but paying attention  to its details I started appreciating it.why every company design electric car weird something like sci fi why they cant keep it simplexaxaxa good luck competing with Tesla now!A man signed a contract with Renaults leasing company only to find that they automaticly renewed it he did not want that they threatened him that they could imobilise the car by turning the sim off  they then said after he pointed out the end of contract time that he was responasable for any costs involved in taking the car to a dealer to have the battery taken out in his case £200 plus the cost of hiring a low loader to take his car home  the car ended up for spares or repairs because of the cost of a new battery this kind of thing is never bought up by any smilly sales person and the public only find these things out when joe pulic goes public with it electric cars are not all plain sailing !

I understand now that Renault has backed down on automatic lease renewals !Before you carried away with this car check out the llhs small overlap Ncap test !Buy a used one every time, providing you can find one without battery lease.Do I get right about Leaf charging at public stations - if there is no ChaDeMo connector, you can't use it? Or type2 can be used somehow?I almost envy you Brits, USA just doesn't have the infrastructure for electric vehicles. There are only 2 even close to me, we're talking 20 minutes for the nearest and at least 30 for the other. When you throw in traffic and mileage, it's not worth it here. In California I understand there are many charging stations, so out there I might would go for it. Here in middle Tennessee no way.  I like your break down though ELM, it lays it all out. When you add in the cost of service every 3 months or 3000 miles + gas + purchase ICE are really expensive to own.I get my second Leaf next week, a new 30kwh Tekna with 6.6kw charger (both are on PCP - the 2 year old Leaf will go back to Nissan as per end of agreement period). It's worth noting that the excess mileage charge on Nissan Leaf PCP in the UK is 0.08p per mile, so if you think you know your annual mileage don't add thousands of miles onto the mileage agreement as a 'just in case you do more than expected' scenario. My first Leaf had a 10,000 mile per year allowance and in the end it's going back with just under 10,000 miles covered in 2 years. So my paranoia over mileage cost me a little more money than it should have. 

Admittedly the reason my first Leaf was such low mileage was that I quickly discovered that the UK charging infrastructure was  not fully reliable and the range capability of my car was nothing close to what I expected with a 100% healthy battery! It may be that my next 30kwh Leaf will be much more viable for long distance journeys in which case I'll pay the 0.08 per mile excess fee, assuming I don't purchase the car at the end of the PCP and I have gone over my agreed mileage. That would work out at £80 per additional 1000 miles I go over my agreement (so not bad).

Also the monthly charges will vary - Are you getting a 2 year PCP or 3 or perhaps 4 years? How big is the final balloon payment at the end? Nissan seem to overvalue the final value figure (probably deliberately).

My next PCP is over 3 years and in that time there is a fair chance that the value of used EVs will change markedly. We seem to be entering a period where diesel cars are going to be in decline because of the noxious particle emissions that are causing harm to people, particularly in the cities (this has had media attention and lots of rumours about eventually banning diesels from the cities). So the popular choices will become petrol, hybrid or electric. This 'awakening' of the pollution problems might just sway a small percentage of people away from petrol cars too (maybe not-we'll see). But I certainly wouldn't be surprised to see a change in the second hand market prices for EVs, the EVs will be far more popular and therefore the used EVs will be more scarce, which means a potential price rise in the second-hand market.

All food for thought.

Pete. :-)I should have said we lease an i3 94Ah REX and it's superb! I think the ownership model is dead personally and have no interest in owning a car with so much technology (much like phones on a contract)!Interesting video. Just to pick up on the Ecotricity fast chargers, they are still free for Ecotricity customers! Ecotricity also have an EV electric tariff and you get up to 52 rapid charges per year. As you said, most people don't tend to use the rapid chargers unless they are doing a long trip.Leasing, is rent you own absolutely nothing after you period of paymentNpower have put their price by 10% and Scotish & southern by a whopping 11% , Ecotricity have now stopped giving away free charging in the UK this will do nothing to enhance the running costs of an EV ,yet these increses dont seem to be discussed on EV chanels !Should've done 30mpg vehicle as well as the others. Realistically how many cars on road are doing 50 or 60mpg?These numbers are, of course, UK specific.

The UK is really good for electric cars because it's a reasonably small country, there's so much tax on petrol, and we have low cost night-time electricity available.Unfortunately, neither Kia, Renault, nor Mercedes Benz,  or Nissan list any of their EVs on the Motability Scheme, (a 3-year lease) and the Hyundai Ioniq is only available as a hybrid, not the EV version. So it's petrol for me - again.What is the "electric equivalent" to miles/gallon. How does one calculate how many watts are used to run an electric vehicle. Have a research study to do and I am completely clueless about cars/ electricity etc.another point worth mentioning is that if you are an ecotricity customer for your gas and electricity at your home, rapid charging is FREE  on motorways etc. and you also get £40 off your bills for having a ev.how much? 6995 USD used 2012 SL.... so happy. making a video review now... thanks for this video! gonna show friends it.most of these you have to lease the battery so appx £80 per month =£960 pa thats before buying it plus what it costs to charge it , buying a leaf =£270 a month =£3240 pa  im a old gummer and only do short trips works out to appx £40 a month fuel the car cost £1500 2 years ago rear dics /pads and i do one oil change a year £20 for the oil and £3 and change for a filter  plus if we have another 11 hour power cut like we had last month i would not be going anywhere .

Buying one where you own the battery is a scary thing in this day and age of digital software programs and charging circuits who decides the cut off point for the battery ? i saw a Peugeot 206 BEV advertised for £1500 the batteries needed replacing because it was down to 10 miles this was an older model with with lead acid batteries Peugeot wanted £5000 plus labour for a new pack and that was old lead acid ones so what are they going change now for new tech ones ? all thats going to happen here is the American model where people buy a car keep it for 2 years /3 tops and sell it on so they dont incure any maintenance bills  buying an BEV after someone else has had the best out of it would be an expensive item ,with battery packs at £6/7000 the cars wont be worth anything !
Barvarian post office said official  battery range figures given by MFGs were [im not gooing to put what he said ] turned out to be 40% of what was quoted and that on a light duty Renault Kangoo !

And how many people have the results of an Ncap test and the effects on the battery and systems ?

Im going to have to stay with my flat earth car because if needed i can drive the 150 to see my friends /relatives without the fear of rumming out of electric  !my work charges for free
 $0 a month to usereally helpful thanks£248pm on my leaf and that is for 14,000 miles, I get free charging at work each day, I estimate I pay £100pm max for a brand new car as the saving on fuel is fantastic.Changing from 14% well-to-wheel efficiency to 34% (6:22) is not a 20% decrease. It is an improvement of efficiency by a factor about 2.4 (namely 34/14). Or you could say reducing emissions (per distance travelled) by 59%, or increasing distance travelled from a given amount of oil by 143% (which is the same, and shows that using percentages for such large factors is kind of silly).Don't forget to factor in the additional pollution of maintaining an ICE engine. All the oil changes, belts, pulleys, gasket leaks, etc. No such problems in an EV.Don't listen to the oil companies. They are ignorant crooks who are destroying humanity for greed.EV is coming same as smart phones at the beginning
no one needs it old phones are ok bad battery life
now what? classic old phones is DEAD 
so EV is a fact that's it :DElectric is the way forward. Petrol car waste power by nature of thing.Go Norway!!Great video. well done very concise. one of my biggest gripes is the "emissions from energy production claim"  not many ever consider the damage drilling for oil and delivery does to the enviroment. Add to this there is a whole industry dedicated to just finding oil and an industry dedicated to serving petrol. Imagine the total Co2 created just by running petrol stations compared to home charging.I bought a Nissan Leaf 30kwh battery for my self employment last year.  Lovin it.  Will add at most $600 per year to my electrical bill and knock gasoline annual gas consumption down to around $500 from $2500. At this rate it will take about 4 years to get back the higher purchase price. Yeah it's good for the environment but consider the political angles.  No poor country has had a rich country (no names here!) invade it or set up a puppet government in order to extract it's oil.  No wars are fought over electricity.  Electricity can't leak from a power line and pollute the water.  No train carrying electricity is going to derail and burn people to death.  Being a "buy local" guy means my vehicle is powered by energy made in Ontario,  Reasons enough?I live in the uk and drive second hand Renault Zoe, longest trip in one day 220 miles, cost to me £1.40. Purchase price £5,500.I think the EV boom hasn't started yet, and we are not ready to deal with it for when it does hit. Imagine low end models costing 16k new, with >200km range, with autopilot, in say 7 years time...I'm really surprised by these consumption numbers. I have a 2013 Škoda Octavia Estate and I my average consumption is 56 MPG (5l/100km). Before I owned a 1999 Audi A4 Estate and my average consumption was 53 MPG (5.3l/100km). I live in Finland so my consumption goes up 10-15% during the winter due to the cold. Btw, I calculated those number on my own - they aren't from the trip computer.If we can get more wind and solar power from the power companies the efficiency will rise exponentially. There was a solar cell paint that could be used on electric cars. Every time you get in your car it's hot as hell. You could capture that energy to charge the batteries while you work or shop.Producing CO2 isn't bad for the environment, it is good for the environment. Plants like more CO2, we eat plants. This is good for us. AGW is as much of a crock as the new Ice Age was in the 1970's.Tesla cars are battery-only. Not a problem except, cars like Volt are doing really well, even better than Prius. What's Tesla missing? Your ignorance is your bliss.The chevy Malibu hybird can go 48mpgThis is a very American video!!!
Please remember renewables... charge an EV using Solar, Tidal or Wind then there's massively less CO2 after manufacture.
The National Grid in the UK uses a lot of renewables (especially Scotland)distilling 1 gallon of gas takes 6 kwh!!  ICE cars cosume gas AND electric for distilation. 30 mpg gas car consumes more electricity than tesla along with oil. replace all cars with electric vehicles, you'll decrease the net electric consumption due to obselete refineries...don't forget Nitrogen oxides, Sulfur etc. and the fact that almost all manufacturers are fudging emission numbers.Another fact not talked about is that ICE cars can not significantly improve this is the best they will get. Battery tech will significantly improve
as will motor technology which has just now startedi like electric vehicles tesla is one of my favorite ev carsrubbish, in no way vehicle efficiency can be 92 % if to count friction losses in transmission and rolling of weals. Also vehicle efficiency of ICE is higher than 20%. It is 25% at least and with new systems of lubrication is can be above 30%. BTW, I invented bio-synthetic lubricants that give me 20% extension in mileage. So, with my Yamaho Nouvo I do up to 64 km per liter of gas in Thailand. Should I say I use palm oil as a base for lubricants? So, may be in Norwegia it can be a good idea but in developing countries and with the use of renewable resources for fuel and lubricans, in no way the ICE vehicles are obsolete.An ev is a vehicle with no other propulsion than batteries and electric motors. Automakers can call them what they want, it does not change what they are. Just more marketing bs.Anything with an ic engine as a "range extender" is a hybrid. A concept car is not a production car.Big slip up here, allot of these cars are hybrid with polluting I.C.E. engines!
I was meant to be electric only review?  
Plus allot of them are more pricey than the tesla model 3 and not as good!Did you guys forgot the Renault Zoe 40?? And Nissan Leaf?? So many models out of this list...Didn't even mention the Nissan LeafExcept for the Bolt all others get half the range of the Model 3, others are not evs, and still others are not actual cars yet. Not really competitors at this point.Hey guys, I just wanted to let you know that I released a new video about alternative fuel cars of the future. You might want to check it out here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8f1S-ogiW1YI actually like that you added the Toyota Miraj to your report. I think, while it is a bit of a different car, it deserves to be named; just like the Honda Clarity.I will buy one when the battery range is over 1000 miles. Because where I am going there are no chargers on the way.Motor man, motor. Not matarTHIS IS A STUPID VIDEO!!!!!Tesla has said they will deliver their first model 3 sedans in 3rd quarter of 2017 not mid 2018 as this video suggests. they better do their homework before presenting something.The automakers want to blur the lines of what an ev is because they can't make a compelling vehicleThe list is OK. But I'm still only excited for the Model 3, it is worth every penny. Tesla fanboys, like the comment, join the club!!!Used EV's are a great inexpensive option for a used car.
It is best to keep batteries between 20 - 80% for greatest longevity.
It is OK to go above and below if necessary but for average daily use it is best to keep within that range.
Taking a li - Ion battery completely discharged can brick the battery. So you should not take the chance if possible to avoid it.   Most EV's have a safety buffer at the bottom and top range of the battery to prevent battery damage.
Having an early Nissan Leaf with a small battery and limited range it makes it difficult to keep the  battery  between 20 and 80 %.  It is  time for Nissan and all other EV makers to step it up and offer 200+ mile REAL range.
It is important to  know the REAL range of the vehicle that you are buying and  the  REAL range that you will be using it on a regular basis. Buying a used EV you are getting a used battery. For some people the range is still good enough especially for  the price.What is a "marder"? I think you mean motor "Moh Ter".What'z a "modder"?e-Golf: No active cooling system, nearly all battery capacity is useable...that is not the best idea....all in all: Volkswagen is way behind other manufacturers such as GM, Tesla.u forgot to mention the Honda Clarity1.49 I was on the road yesterday, there was this non-EV swedish number plate toyato in the bus lane, everybody was honking it hem99% of Norwegians hate EL CARS!And in the meantime we have our leader in U.S. saying global warming is fake.Been driving a Nissan LEAF for 4 years. I'm never going back to Gas or Oil. I primarily switched to save money on my commute. In Traffic the Electric Car uses hardly any fuel.I hope that Spain learns from Norway..I hope the US doesn't back off its incentives.  Oil has many other good uses.  It's a waste to burn it up and pollute the air when there's a smart alternative.I love my EV/ER car, but why is it everyone who leads the green movements, always gets there on there private jet wasting thousands of gallons of fuel? If they really cared they would take a commercial flight.. all bs..Nothing can be achieved in this physical world without making some sort of mental or physical effort by us, the embodied human souls. Because they, the Norwegian people, receive all those treasures, I know that so much of their renunciation in the past, for the benefit of their mother country, lies behind it. Hat's off for your unselfish love, my dear soul brothers from the North!Thats the reason I hate living here. Gay cars are taking over.The reason Norway is buying electric cars are the HEAVY taxes on normal cars. A Ford Mustang in Sweden costs 40.000$ while in Norway the same car costs 120.000$ or more.beautiful reportsince when has Norway been a small country ?    did they lose a chunk ?AND HOW DO YOU MAKE MOST ELECTRICITY BURNING COAL!!!!!!!!!BP predicts we will begin to run out of oil from primary reserves by 2030 and completely run out of oil world wide in 2050Did cnet brought Captain Obvious on board  as chief editor?Elon Musk had announced the plans to have a solar charging module component as standard equipment on newer future models.
Surely this was on the minds of people asking why isn't there a solar charging system for the EVs?!?
I bet the utility companies don't like that idea one bit!FirstGeez, even this was putting me to sleep. This dude blows. Get rid of him already. You need new blood CnetI also think the time of chargingis a big thing and if you live in an apartment HOW would you charge?I guess back to school, oh wait I dont have to stay cya im closing thisI own a Nissan Leaf and it's perfectly fine for my daily commute. 95% of all the driving I need to do can be handled by it easily. It's clean, quiet, has great acceleration and ultra smooth ride with no vibration and almost zero cost of ownership. I can never go back to a combustion engine vehicle.I've always wondered why electric cars producers don't add solar film on rear glass, hood or small wind turbines somewhere behind bumper or the wings, it'd support the main battery.Now you should post a Next big thing on PCI Based SSD's, 3DXpoint is gonna revolutionize thisOnly 25% electric cars in 2040? Ridiculous..Respond to the title: No shit Sherlock...They need to be adopted faster than that if we want a clean worldYou can't go far enough on a full charge in electric cars yet and the cars cost too much.You listen to Bloomberg to predict the future of electric cars when Bloomberg fails to predict the winner of the last election?electric cars is the fiture, let's just add more solar panels and invest in public transportation technologywhatever happened to cnet on carsATTENTION-  If you make a comment that proves that you did not watch the WHOLE video, or if you watch the whole video and still did not get the point, your comment will be summarily deleted.  I'm tired of answering simple minded bigots.  If you can't understand that the raw materials used in power plants have to be mined, drilled, transported, refined, or enriched, and that these processes consume energy just the same as the refining of petroleum, I'm sorry for your ignorance.  Besides..it's not the point of the video.  It's a miracle that more than half of you watching haven't dragged your knuckles off a cliff.Average mpg in the US is 25??? Christ, that's terrible.Estimates, because the oil industry will no longer publish the information,  is that a single gallon of gasoline take about 4 to 6 KWh to refine and we do know that the oil industry always buys the cheapest dirtiest power, Coal.  So according your math the 1.5 gallons of gas that the average US vehicle takes to do a daily commute is roughly 6 to 9 KWh to refine before it event starts it's way to a car.  So any person with "average intelligence" can see that the energy, just on the surface based on refining of Oil into Gas, is about a wash so we are back to an electric car being about 4 times more efficient.  If you start calculating the energy and environmental impact of getting the oil out of the ground, shipped to the refinery, shipped from the refinery to gas stations etc.  We see that the amount of energy used to get a gallon of gas into that average car is significantly higher than the Oil/Coal/Natural gas being burned which "might" be used to get that 11KWh into an electric car.  In most of the world the move to renewable energy is rolling forward, even in the UAE (Middle East for the average intelligent folks) they are using solar and tidal power to replace oil as power generation so they can sell their oil the the above average intelligent person in this country.  We will see a roll back of renewable energy in this country for the next 4 years as big industries lap dog is now in charge.  Luckily the world influence of this part of the planet has been steadily declining and it will have little effect outside of the US on the progress of renewable energy and conservation.  One thing you are right about is electric cars are "not the answer" but they are a step in the right direction.Great Video. I encourage you to learn a little more about nuclear power and the waste associated with it. That is not really the downside. The real detriment is the risk to the health and safety of the public, i.e. Chernobyl, Three Mile Island, Fukushima. Not really the point of this video but just food for though. Thanks!How will Bob get to work when he can no longer acquire gas for anything - least of all travel?I think its more complicated than that. Often i see these comparisons where it is added all the carbon footprint of the cycle of electricity  production for EVs ( extraction, transportation, burning and disposing of the fuel)  but when it comes to check the emission  of a gasoline  vehicle  they only account  those that the vehicle  generates and they're  missing  that the extraction, transportation, refinement and transportation  of the fuel has a bigger carbon footprint.My understanding of Tesla's supercharger stations is that they are designed to be net neutral (or better still returning energy) to the power grid. So, from the perspective of what is within Tesla's reasonable control that are not making a net demand on the power grid. Coming back to Bob, I doubt he is in as good a position to be net neutral toward the power grid. If affordable solutions become available to Bob, then perhaps he can run his Tesla without further burning of fossil fuels.  I have to give some credit to Tesla, Elon Musk seems to be quite committed to delivering solutions that scale well and are good for the future, IMO.Nuclear is the CLEAN energy if we would use Th instead of Uranium.So a high performance Tesla is 'only' half as polluting as an equivalent gas car.  Why not use a more sensible EV like the Renault ZOE or Nissan Leaf as an example?  Also we have had safe ways of processing nuclear waste for decades, it's not just thrown out the back door.but electric cars only use electricity for driving when the car is moving and gas cars use gas even when the car is not moving so electric cars help the environment  even if the electricity is created by burning gaselectric cars and how electricity is produced are 2 completely different topicsemail sent.good video with a terrible titlei did it!China has a built in market...they need to make tons of 4 door family cars...I wish em luckChina is already nr.1 electric car market, open your eyes! Especially we count in whole fleets of electric busses like in 10 million city Shenzhen...China's cars are CRAP!!!Did they have to steal design cues of Bugatti on the side? Lamborghini on the front with a hint of Lexus LFA around headlamps?Do you think the Chinese have a plan?I must say it looks goodI.like.Never will I buy Chinese car or electric cars . Poor quality and lack of innovation, Chinese we not known for innovation they are well known for imitation of American technology and ideas . Sad and pathetic.Please sale them to CanadaThey have to make the batteries quick swappable! Same battery pack standard sizes and quick 2-minute battery swap system like Project Better Place!!Traditional car makers are too slow to adopt to the change. There are opportunities for new car makers to be very successful. More EV manufactures the better.Welcom to Canada pleasehow this car competes with the Tesla model S it"s a 2 door sport car the side profile look like a Audi R8 just a ugly version of it why can't they design from scratch and not copy a model of brand.manufacturers in china can make electric vehicles to any requirements or designs if buyers are willing to payput wind generator alternator on wheel to charge battery good luck china the fist on earthwhen the western companies began to promote their products.the BYD has already promoted their e-cars for several years. now the crusadic witches et rats species, with their lips-motors, say the chinese copied their technologies..... why dont u crusadic witches et rats just return to ur ark noah of incest?傻逼政策 骗我补贴 毁我青春Great video. Keep it up.In the US the biggest barrier is having a garage or parking space to charge at. If you rent or park on the street, you're just out of luck. I could have bought a used C-Max Energi for the same price as a used C-Max Hybrid but because I didn't have a garage or place to charge it the plug-in didn't make sense.Mitsubishi is the bestWhat if you live in a apartmentcan we charge electric cars in normal sockets in our garage?until it takes 5 10 min to fully charge and last 400 miles rather skip the electrics3:08 - 3:22 : 4x of "Yeah" :))6.7 0-60 is not impressive6.7 sec 0-60, thats not all that great. My Mercedes GL63 does 0-60 in 4.8 and its a 7 seater SUV.All that battery weight over the rear axel plus trying to pop one in first gear it had to break a axel gear !Bare feet, no beltsDo they use the same combustion engine gearbox? If so. I think that's wrong, the induction motor loses efficiency, because it has unnecessary parts like reduction gear trains, reverse…, it does not need it, mechanically a single gear is better and its respective drive shaft, one or two differentials.Good lesson to learn...It is more strain on the clutch and diff if you are taking off in 2nd gear you bell ends!It's a Fee-at vee-hee-cleLOLLets say my fiat was green or silver, could i get the same exact paint as the one in the video? Same looks and everything?Rolling like Hector Salamanca from Breaking Bad with that pedestrian bell That took some nuts.  What was the ft/lbs at the wheels?The dam things are to quiet.  Put some cards in the spokes.We need some proper brushless motors and controllers that can be used in a project like this. Just imagine what kind of power would it have if this thing had bldc motor sized same as this one.Wow, looks pretty cool, but I wonder how expensive it cost to convert my 78 fiat spider!? or maybe better to swap my 2005 Prius 1.8L Hybrid motor & Battery system!?You guys can (and should) set up those Curtis controllers so that you can one-foot drive.  That's how I've got my AC76 set up in my Ranger.  I use the "economy" function of the controller to mostly turn of regen when the roads are slick.  Even my single AC motor can lock up a back tire if I program the controller for 100% regen. It's silly.  I think I've got it set for roughly 70% (normal) and 40% (economy).  Give it a shot.another great end to the rear end. LOLthere is no such thing as too much power!
just an inability for the operator to control it properly or hardware not up to the chore ;-)whats with the attitude?"Eager buyers pitched their tents..." we sure did!1. Vermont is a state in the US. FREMONT is a city in CA where Tesla has their factory.

2. The Chevy Bolt costs $37500. $30k is the price AFTER federal incentives. The Model 3 costs $35k BEFORE those same incentives.Anything "of the future" that can be seen in a video is of the present.Electionic cars is gonna be more costful then the gasoline carsFacts: Bolt is $37,500 before incentives. Model 3 is $35,000 before incentives. Supercharging/Long distance travel: Tesla Yes, Bolt No. Autopilot/Autonomy: Tesla Yes, Bolt NoGo Tesla!Hi ! Can you go in my channel ! It's SuperCars Competition !I would steal there power leads just to annoy them...Might as well just go back to Horses and camels if the environment is the underlying issue here.The world majority of populations will always use cars that still use oillmao...I can`t wait for the German response to this!!nobody is going drive the bolt, focus, or leaf for the same money as the tesla. its out classes it in every way. with tesla building supercharging stations and now even quicker charging other manufacturers are way behind.too bad they won't use hemp rather than oil elated plasticwhy the dislikes ? oil is done.. : " I'll be learning a lot of new generation to forget a shifter" :)Greatest problem with E.Vs is the attitude of "I've always been ok with petrol and I don't like change " my Zoe is massively superior to any fossil carHello everybody Don't forget that the Tesla Model 3 is Coming 2 years time,that's a Nice  Looking Long Range Car, 215 miles you Charge it overnight, and wake up with a Fully Charge battery,So far I love my EGolfI am sure that anything worth buying would come from the east, not from the west.I took my LEAF from Onsøy, Norway to Exeter (via Denmark, Germany, and The NL) without problems. :)I would buy one when the price would not be so high.If people can afford a car, their attitude should change from convenience and saving money to saving green earth and leaving a better world for our future generationIf you have 42k or so to spend and you don't get one off these wen looking at the electric car market you are just being willfully ignorant  http://bgr.com/2016/05/19/tesla-model-3-preorder-numbers/It's all very well not using any diesel but if you're charging from home, most of our power still comes from goal and gas. I reckon the emissions still add up. Perhaps a hybrid would be more eco friendly. At least you're getting twice the energy when you burn a fossil fuel.Look outside the happy clappy feel good superior factor, and investigate how all of the power to charge EVs is generated, how the infrastructure to create the power at delivery is made, where the lithium comes from- where it is refined, and what the waste product has done you may be a little more skeptical. Once solar power or wind or other such power is directly harnessed into the vehicle then there will be a difference. It will happen eventually.Music is too loud and annoying, too!NO......  They're too expensive with a range that is too small between charges (presuming you can find a charging point).  I don't imagine manufacturing (and replacing at  intervals) heavy batteries is without cost to the environment either..   Sorry, at present not remotely convinced....Please kill the annoying muzak.Someone once said build it and they will come ,somebody else said and some came running , clean cars ? no The UK still burns coal for power generation despite being being fined millions  by the EU ,

The mk1 leaf was a disaster for EVs with constant charging short range ,no battery heating or cooling ,and resister heater that cut the range down, battery degregation where you loose 3 bars and your down to appx 50 miles and less,and still some personalities promoted them because they were paid to  ,

Free electric  yes for a while then you end up with companies like Ecotricity who when they got their customer base up stopped the free charging and now charges £6 a pop and more increses are on the way ,Yes you can still charge for free at the dealers because they sell them but other free charge points will soon disapear as the price rises or the tax breaks stop ,

Electricty prices went up big time in the midst of EV promoters saying drive miles for pennies ,promoters of the EV never gave this a mention ,

Npower put their price up 10% and Scotish & southern by 11% the rest will follow after they gauge the fallout there will be further increases ,

Due to our grid structure like yesterday the grid had 300megawatts  buffer, take 2000 EVs useing a 10kw charger = 20Mw ,for what a 60 mile drive  times that by 10,000 and start to have power cuts ,

The energy providers know whats coming and have a plan its called smart meters where they say cheaper bills even though they just gone up by 10/11% the main reason is they are going to put one in every property just not telling you that they can turn your power off remotely and divert it to industry and government , rendering your EV useless if on charge 

The advent of the EV with its free road tax /congestion charge/emission zone/and some free parking is starting to cause loses in revenues for the government and local government ,one council has put £96 on top of its charges for residents parking more will follow , parking fines are on the up as well as other traffic fines ,

The granny lead ,oh no one uses that anymore they say go buy a level 2or 3 charger ,cost is a big factor and then you have to pay a quaulified electrician to fit it + VAT @ 20% on top of that you have to inform your property insurer in case of fire ,
Cost of charging gone up ? just change your tariff over to economy 7 yes it will charge cheaper but the electric you use to run your property with is now on top rate ,

One power cut and you wont  be driving your EV to work or anything else EVs are subsidised from green grants and the tax system because its classed as tech so there is a tax conssension there ,without the subsidies it would not be even here  and all of the charging network would not exsist ,

The loss in government revenues can only cause more cuts to services just when the government is saying that car insurance has to go up by £75 a year to pay for the very carethat they are cutting to the bone ,The EU is fineing them millions for air quality and they just put up the taxes /charges to the population to cover the fines ,
The free road tax will disapear along with the other perks as more are sold and electric prices will just keep rising , at least the ICE vehicle did not do this ,

So apart from hugging trees you got a vehicle that needs chargeing  maps /apps /a wodge of charge cards some pre paid like direct debit  schemes and then there is the long trip thats going to take longer because you got to stop and charge up , 

So no i dont want any of that if i put fuel in my car to go 100 miles i expect to go that hundred miles not the 80miles because i need a 20% buffer zone from the BMS battery software system ,when its winter i still expect the same rage not less ,and if my engine blows up and i want a replacement i dont want to pay £5/6000 + fitting + vat At 20%  i just scrap the car and buy another one for appx £1500 and save a lot of money !Tesla please make one for 10k xDThere is far FAR too much bad information in this video, WTF was that garbage about battery life span? Is this 2004 top gear? They are mostly twonks who don't understand the basic concept of the thing. It's like watching Anne Widdecomb explain what an Ipad is, yes you can look up the weather and catch up on Strictly but you're kind of missing the mark there Anne.What person is going to take driving lessons in an electric car Whilst I love the idea of an EV, they're still too limited for my usage. Once the range improves and there are more charging points (particularly in the North West of the UK) and once there is more choice, then I'd really love to be able to consider one as my next car. I travel 100 miles per day for my commute and there are only 5 EV spaces in our 1,000 space car park, all of which are already taken up by other EV motorists who no doubt travel a shorter distance than I do. If the practicalities can be improved, then I'm game - I'd love to be able to move away from a car with an internal combustion engine, even though I love and enjoy driving.Yes, got a Renault Zoe since may =) next may we can upgrade the battery to 300-400km if we want to.what does a new battery cost? noone seems to know.2011 Nissan Leaf still have original 12 volt battery no issues!Hearing from other Renault Zoe driver on a vlog , Renault replaced his battery under warranty during 3 year service , sounded like a standard replacement , makes a change from brake pads but one of things did not realise when bought  my car. Good topic today, you probably would have preferred other topic , but some times the unexpected turns out to be the bestI am curious to know Nicki how long have you been driving the Leaf? Are we talking replacing the battery like every year or is it like internal combustion cars where it can last several years as long as it has been maintained?I think LeafSpy can show the charge on the 12 volt battery. I don't understand why the Leaf doesn't let you know that the 12 volt battery is getting worn and should be replaced soon.If low current is the cause, then a battery tender is *not* the solution. A battery tender is just a glorified trickle charger. It won't provide enough current to make any difference to the life of the battery. They are designed to extend the life of batteries that are just sitting around not doing anything at all.

It sounds like the EV engineers have just taken the lazy way out and they really need to rethink their whole approach to the 12V issue. I can think of a few solutions that would be far better.

It's worth noting that even a "dead" traction battery would have far more than enough energy to perform the functions of the auxiliary 12V battery without damage. Also, with LED lamps etc., retaining compatibility with standard ICE parts is a non-issue, and regardless, the vast majority of 12V parts (stereo, etc) don't need to be powered when the vehicle is turned off anyway, so can be run off the DC-DC converter and don't need a battery at all. The few things that do need to be running when the vehicle is off (mainly clocks, locks and data radios) can be run off a laptop-style battery pack (or better yet, a generic multiple 18650 battery holder) easily accessible in the cabin.

If you ask me, it's just a planned obsolescence thing so the automakers can keep their grubby fingers in your pocket, since there are a lot fewer mechanical things to maintain or wear out.If you have one of these things just buy a 20amp start /charge  battery charger as used by ICE vehicles ,ironic an EV needs an ice age battery but cant charge it up ,
just a thought !It seems 12V lead acid batteries failing in a BEV happens too often.
I get why you need lower voltage for non drive systems. I get 12V is convenient because all other cars use that.
But they already put a big amount of lithium ion cells to make the high voltage battery why can't they use a few more to make the 12V system work more reliably.Just why do you need a 12v to begin with evs should be on 48v or higher it's not hard to use part of the non usable battery to turn on a car just ask Hyundai ionic it doesn't even have one , smart one HyundaiLeaf Gen 2: I once managed to flatten the 12v battery after a 44 mile trip. By popping the charging port (with LED) and didn't actually plug in. Left Friday, Sat, Sunday I tried using the car and it was flat! It appears the LED does not go out till you plug in...Mine just died about 2 weeks ago. My car is almost 3 years old and Fiat replaced the battery under warranty. Seems like it died prematurely though.My 2011's died a death last summer.  Ignored a "Problem with the Charging System" light for weeks until it all gave up on me.  Had to have it jump started and flat towed to the dealership for a very expensive visit.  Thankfully the replaced the drive battery under warranty but had to pay for a new drive battery cooling system and the new dc battery.  Still cheaper to own and operate than any ice vehicle I've owned!My 2012 LEAF SL's 12v battery was dead in mid December 2016. The battery was less than 1 year old. I haven't been driving my LEAF for a while due to charging station installation restriction in my condo. I thought the solar spoiler will continue to keep the 12v battery charged up as it did all year long. I tested the solar spoiler, its working! But during the last few weeks, something must have gone wrong. I suspect that AT&T closing the 2G spectrum must have the TCU (Telematics Communication Unit) which basically an always ON cellphone, must have been continuously searching for network signal and eventually discharged the 12v battery. AT&T website states: "we started to discontinue service on our 2G wireless network as of December 31, 2016". 

Also, my LEAF's solar spoiler is unable to keep up with the slow drain of the 12v battery of my unused LEAF during the cold season when the sun is low and daylight hours are short. As if that's not enough, the solar spoiler's Plexiglas cover has become faded and a little opaque, probably due to years of UV damage. So I added an additional 12v solar trickle charger ($12 in Harbor Freight http://www.harborfreight.com/15-watt-solar-battery-charger-68692.html ) on my dashboard facing the windshield. I parked my LEAF facing South so that the solar panel on dashboard gets the most from direct sunlight in the low winter sun. 

I have used these solar trickle chargers for years for my motorcycle batteries during winters and they did their job very well. Even when these panels are not in direct sunlight, daylight alone was enough to keep my 12v batteries trickle charged and maintained. These have a very low current in milliamps, so there is no risk of overcharging. LEAF's 12v accessory outlet (cigarette lighter socket) disconnects when we turn off the car. So I had to run the wire thought the drivers side door, panel, and under the hood directly to the 12v battery with alligator clamps that come with the solar panel.

So far it has been three months since I installed the 2nd solar trickle charger, and the 12v battery of this unused, uncharged LEAF is still functioning. Installation pictures available on Facebook's NJ Nissan LEAF Owners group.My Prius had the same issue for the same reasons. I needed a new Batterie every 3-4 Years.
Replacing it with a Litium was not an option as the onboard charging system only works with lead-acid batteries.Nikki - I had an interest life lesion about car batteries back in December of 2013.   At the time my 2006 fusion with it's original battery, was 7.5 years old.  On a cold day (single digits F) after work I went out and turned the car over and the car wouldn't start.  Was turning over fine so I didn't think I had a battery issue, long story short the battery was providing less than 12 volts - the starter motor (and lights)  worked fine but the voltage was to low for the computer so the electronic ignition would not function.    Expensive less.Nikki, isn't the traction battery supposed to keep the 12v battery charged?Note there are trickle chargers that rejuvenate the plates in the battery.. They don't cost much more than a basic trickle charger but do a much better job.So not use a "starter" battery but a deep cycle or a AGM battery insted should solve the problem?There are lithium battery banks for phones that can temporarily jump to 12v to start the car. Get one just in case. They're about $30 in ChinaWe are driving a Mitsubishi i-MiEV and there seems to be no problems with the 12V 27Ah battery but the car being same 6 years old means that battery must be about the same age.

For my hamradio I got a powerbox, 12V 10Ah and a compressor. That compressor has stopped working except when I connect a NiMh 12V 2.5Ah battery (12 mignon cells) in parallel. So the NiMh does what the 4 times bigger lead acid is meant to do plus it keeps the lead acids from charging, I found out the hard way.

Replacing lead acid with NiMH does work but it will never charge inside the car!

Replacing lead acid wit Lithium will work as well but 3 or 4 cells - 11 volts or 14.4 volts? The 14.4 volts will never charge.

So there is no easy way to simply swap batteries. Nevertheless it might be a good idea. I have seen our i-MiEV to draw some 1/3 kilowatts when switched on. I have actually seen more range when put in more 12 volt batteries when they are filled to the rim.

You might get more range with more 12V batteries but please no lead acid. They are heavy and they leak an acid vapour. That is why you should never mix lead acid and NiMh or Edison batteries in the same room and if possible dont mix them in the same house. 

Cheers
Peter and Karina relatively common issue with the Renault Twizy 12 volt auxiliary battery.  It's the same size as fitted on most motorbikes and crucial on the Twizy as it also provides the energy to everything electric, wipers and all the lights with the exception of the motor. Touch wood, no issues with mine so far after 3 years.LET SUBSCRIBE AND COMMENT HERE!!A lobbyist for the petroleum industry. 

"Go solar when you go electric." - This phrase would have made more sense.So much misinformation ... amateurs ...So why govt seem to ignore the dirtiest smoke stacks and heating systems that burn oil, coal, wood or even peat or turf? This is cause of super smog in citiesSuch a haters fr24 :D I would accept this kind a discourse a few years ago, but not now.
This lady could run Trump's election campaign :DThose figrues regarding the manufacturing emissions completely contradict those put out by the union of concerned scientists.

Anyone can read the report, just google this: Cleaner Cars from Cradle to Grave (2015)lol all of this is BS !!

1. I bought my 2nd hand leaf for almost nothing.
2. Lithium comprises only 1to 2% of li-ion batteries ( the rest is cobalt and nickel)  and all phones and computers contain them, when its a car , oh now its suddenly bad,  but we all have phones and laptops and then its no problem ? 
3. Also lithium extraction is dependent on the company that does it. Oil extraction causes way more pollution. just google it.
4. The assembly plant twice as much pollution is garbage as well. Tesla manufactures 2170 cells with almost no carbon footprint. The rest of the car obviously is much easier to build. So no.
5. 30-50k miles thing is super garbage. Just a single tank of petrol or diesel generates so much carbon/nitrous oxide and other pollutants that in a week an ice car will surpass an ev in straight carbon pollution.
6. Charge the car of PVS, so no, again.

The entire clip is utter nonsense. Thanx oil money but no.maybe I'm just odd but if the wifi mode of my cell phone makes me feel like it's frying my spirit when it's in my pocket then I would voice concerns about not experimenting on people with electric technology when you're gonna go big with a whole car powered by electricity.Can't wait for when they finally release!Dude needs to stop stutteringElon is going to save our planet. He is the ONE!!Elon's plan is to put a 55" plasma in the Model 4Huh, didn't know it was allowed to not have a number plate in the frontI'm going to have difficulty with choosing a color.Such a beautiful car. Great to see what Tesla's been doing!Tesla is amazing, how far they have come its amazing and to be apart of improving global warming is phenomenal! Ordered my tesla model 3 and very happyThat crowd is so fucking annoying.The design is car porn. It's a porn car.There ya have it. "Tezla"What I wouldn't give to have a conversation with this manWhether tesla will insert electric car into indonesia and make super charger in indonesia because i am very excitingWill they make Tesla car case?am I the only one who thinks the model 3 looks like the model x and s had intercourse ?does this guy  have a speaking disorder? like seriously get a presenter for your shows who could take this guy for realimagine the gigafactory expladedneed to get more chargers in Tennessee most of them are in famous statesnext model should be some badass sport electric bike :)whenever I see the tesla logo I get a hard on.... well technically I don't because I'm a girl but if I was a boy I for sure would276,000 blind SHEEPLE....people who love to follow a pied piperANTI-SELLING MODEL 3 IS A FUTILE SELF-DEFEATING ACTION THAT THOSE WHO CAN AFFORD MODEL S & X WILL BUY MODEL S & X ANYWAY, THOSE WHO CAN ONLY AFFORD TO BUY ONLY MODEL 3 WILL BUY IT HOPING THAT THE BETTER OPTIONS WOULD GIVE THEM SOME DESERVING COMFORTS AND SOME BRAGGING RIGHTS FOR BUYING A “TESLA”, THAT THEY HAVE SOME AWESOME FEATURES THAT WILL ONLY EMULATE THOSE IN MODEL S & X THAT THEY CAN’T AFFORD TO BUY ANYWAYS, BY SQUEEZING SELF-SACRIFICES TO PAY MORE FOR THOSE IRRESISTIBLE AND COMPELLING OPTIONS RIGHT & SIMPLY OK?All real "level one" scientists (not Bill Nye) know that excess carbon in the atmosphere historically has caused cooling....not warming as Al Gore and his climate-tax-scamming friends claim. And Polar bears can't swim...hahaha!Cant wait to own one of these bad boysGiga factory is the second biggest building by footprint, and the graphic used for that is silly - it compared the giga factories footprint the the height of skyscrapers Great video, love the channel, but fyi diesel is actually fairly eco friendly compared to normally aspirated gasoline cars. If you want to be an eco rebel the thing to get would be a hummer from the early 90's. Please dont howeverHey  does anybody know when you can Test drive the model 3?Hi.. Please do videos on different home EV charging units.. Thanks..Love this host!  I love his jokes!!Nice job capture general knowledge.  The ending of your model s lease suggests long term ownership.  would be interesting to hear your good and bad tales with car and suggestions for future users.No. Elon says 215miles is the absolute minimum range.Please use the well to wheel data...Super nice graphs, which tool do you use to make them? And great video too very entertaining :)TeZlaWorst Tesla video on the web..Yeah France has the lowest carbon electricity in the EU because of nuclear and Llewellyn is still taking wee digs at it, praising the clueless, virtue signaling of Royal.   Oh dear.  Consumerist environmentalism at its worse.  Try a bike??You can't hate tesla if you have driven ever driven it you just admire it and say damn I wish I had the money for one. Tesla is essentially an electric car done right. The smooth acceleration, the instant torque, the low low noise levels I mean damn did they make an electric car wrightif getting model 3 a lease at wells in the u.s. could be as low as 200 dollars a month.  worth taking a look.would not build in old French nuke plant. French are having issues with their economy so it would help them but I don't see any benefit for tesla."That can outperform your standard petrol car" Shows how ignorant the average humans are on the subject of automotive performance. A BMW 3 series will butt rape this ugly piece of shit.As a petrolhead, and lover of stick shift, I wish Tesla the best of luck and change the course of transportation as we know it.HEY degoggo.. a channel named Industry American has copied this particular video of yours.I know it doesn't need one functionally, but that car needs a grill. Little bit of bias going on here with the statement about a giant steel engine hurtling towards you in an accident! Ha! I guess the narrator doesn't also realize that most electricity in the US is produced using fossil fuels? Electric cars won't get us off using fossil fuels. And these cars won't really sell until they can crack 300 miles per charge and get charging times down to 15 or so minutes. And get an infrastructure in place to make travel feasible. Until then this is just a commuter car, requiring the owner to have a second car, powered by gasoline.I still dont like the car, how does It look, in the inside and outside. But i Hope they sell more than expected from this car, so other models Will be coming out soon... I'm 16 and just got a full time job and making $35 grand per year so I can get this in like 3 years bro I'm pumpedI'm Iraqi and I just wana say thank you Tesla I hope and pray no one will buy oil again so there wd be no more wars over oil our oil has been curse not a blessing pls take away this oil curse thank you Elon you are the true image of humanity tesla will saveso many life'sLots of hype around this to get Americans so excited that they claim it to be the 1st mass production electric car, like they do or think about most things, when they are actually not...Original song is music sounds better with you, good shit.Right now, it's still too expensive for general consumers.Thank you Nikola Tesla for giving us the entire 21st century. You were the greatest human being that ever existed.This is history being made before our eyes, I still want a roadster though.This price tag is less than bolt. Love the looks as well. What about safety? Does the sensor act quick enough to make up for the empty engine?Wantactually.. whats the difference between S and 3? both are sedans so w/ef**k those dislikes.......................instead dislike please make blind your eyesfinally an affordable EV $30k for the masses? cmon cold fusion don't be so ignorant, affordable plug-in cars have existed for quite some time now, the Nissan leaf, the Chevrolet Bolt, Chevrolet volt, kia soul, etc etc. this is just Tesla propaganda, I'm not against Tesla and I think their cars are amazing and the company itself is one of the best, but claiming that Tesla 3 will be the first EV to be affordable is a straight-out liejust a correction.... you said the model 3 will have autopilot standard. it will only have the hardware standard but to activate it will not be standard (between 5-8k) thank youmy addiction to fossil fuels has only just started im afraidwhat oil sheikh dislikes this video?!15 inch iPhone in the dash. That won't cause any problems. It's so bright and distracting. Human brains are not made for this type of sensory bombardment.6:59 this dude said "frunk" Bad video...was to dark inside the carDoes anybody else find the big bright screen distracting especially at night?  Is that panel crack-proof?Everything looks great but the screen looks really ugly. I hope they do not put this on the final version.I have heard that there are no spare tire in any of the Tesla cars! if this is true, then what happens if you have a flat tire?I live in a small village, but the air is bad, because there is a lot of old cars. And 80-90 % diesel of them.
To where must I go, if I don't want to be full of cancer? To the middle of a forest?
I hope the Teslas and the other EV-s help this problem after 20-30 years. But I am now 80 years old...
A pharmacist in Hungary.I wanna buy this car at the earliest age of 19 OR latest age of 29. Is this a good car for me to choose?I wonder if oil producing countries would allow Tesla to be sold there lolLove the car but I just don't like that 15" screen, I'd rather have the model S screen any day!Maybe I can run Windows10 on that big screen lolThat screen is really to much in the way. I wonder when they are going to come out with another roaster spyder style.The more ppl training that autopilot, the better.  Might be time to invest in Tesla.The people that gave a Thumbs down work for another car company. SO Even through the asshole's that said no to ELON'S Idea of an all electric car before he departed  GM way. SUCKERS GO F YOU SELF NOW !! HA HA. 
   
The departure of the FEDERAL TAX SAVINGS SHOULDN'T GO AWAY ! MORE PEOPLE WILL BUY THE CAR WITH THAT'S   IN PLACE, Less sale's if you take it away, SELL TEN FOLD If  you can utilize $7500.- in CLEAN AIR REDUCTION WHY NOT STILL HAVE IT IN PLACE ! Its great that we just had an election  this past NOV16'' BUT LEAST GET REAL, DUMB ?>&^%$& IT DOESN'T MAKE SENCE TO CUT SOMETHING THATS WORKING ? Unless you have a bet with Vegas or a stock against it & prove to make Financial gain  for yourself ?This might be the most revolutionary mass market car of all time, but the fact that it has an absurdly huge screen in the center yet no gauge cluster in front of the steering wheel is kind of killing it for me.a basic 75d model x costs 200.000 usd in my country :( ... I wonder if model 3 will ever get here and sell for under 75.000 usdhäslichit's like you mount your home computer monitor to the console of the car. Very ugly solution.these guys at Tesla don't have a f'kin clue how to design a car properly.   I'll give you details:  1.  don't put a computer screen nearest the driver; the driver drives; he/she does not use a touchscreen, so as to distract, or impair his/her ability - use traditional gauges; simple, effective, no f'kin around when you drive.  2.  those door handles; fragile, and not aesthetic - use a traditional variety; good grip, strength durable.  3.  AWD - only if you need it; decreases range via increased friction.   4.  for SUV model, gull-wing doors...really?  Just because its 'new' and 'different' does not make it better.    
If you took a round wheel, and turned it to a polyhedral, for design purposes....does that make it better? - NO!    God awful aesthetics.  Musk better get his act together, before the real competition takes note, and kicks his sorry behind.we are a contractor and need this in a pickup truck - using the vw 1960's single cab design with drop down gates and the ' jewel box ' storage area under the bed would be the battery storage area - thanks -2003-2018 = 15 years Tesla Motors !
Over 444444 people pre-ordered the model 3Elon is looking very Asian these days! :)I do not like how electric cars take so long to charge I mean what if your going to work and your battery is almost dead you sport charge it for 20 minutes and then when you show up at your job you get a late fee! you see what I mean!I'm sure the model 3 will be great, however no matter how much I look at it I just can't get over the awkward front end.  I hate the look.  Am I the only one?It looks like a panamera at the frontJust a sliver of a nose mod, please.Model S looks cooler. Model S v1 is where Tesla got it 100% right.Porsche Mission-E is about to kick Tesla's @zzSo no one cares about the roadsterThe Tesla guy boned slightly.  48 amp charger is not "available"; it's standard.  72 amp charger is available.  "Available" is marketing-speak for "extra cost option".The bAck looks like a Chevy voltWe should ALL have a few extra solar panels on our home roofs to charge our electric cars at night from the excess!  (And solar covered parking / charging at work, shopping malls, etc too.) #EndFossilFuels #EndNukes #SwitchToSolar #SolarChargedCars #NoBrainerYes. When was it last that we heard from the actual motor trend analyst's, and editors? Must have been a decade ago. kinda getting sick of  constant episodes of head to head, and not seeing any exclusive videos from any of the biggest auto shows around the globe.for all their planing you would have thought they would make the doors of the showroom open wider ,the car barely got outlooks like they copied a Mazda 3model 3 looks ugly... the S design was alot better.omg i already love in that model!really great car cant wait to make a testdrive :)wish they'd pronounce it properly as they keep calling it Tezla and not TES la- Keep the central screen
- Create a better art display for it
- Put a nice HUD display design for the windshield.

Then you have a nice car for 35k that is worth buying against the other gas competitors.
My humble opinion. Tesla is awesome anyway.A speedometer and integrate the screen better is all I ask.DIESEL ENGINE FOREVERFerg fbd debji sggbb ?It would be cool if the touch screen could be turned to portrait like an iPhone 

Why I don't know it would just be coolOh my god guys, it's a prototypeOnly one big Screen...((? No no no...
This is not that ive expected"Police you can't arrest me for speeding I can't see how fast I'm goingSo what happens to that big ass window above your head if you get in an accident and you have people sitting in the back seat?That steering wheel gave me ebola... wtfThat steering. I dont know if its ugly or beautifulThe interior of this car looks really bad. Change for the sake of change is not exciting. As a driver, my head should not have to turn to obtain information such as speed, rpm etc. Also, imagine how the front bumper will look terrible after someone reverses into it. I live in NYC. I would never drive a car like this there. People would be enticed to break into your car just to steal the screen (it happens all the time).Watch these screen breaking off on customers. This is a poor ergonomic design. The screen should be built flush into the dashboard and physically out of the way and visually out of sight.What the hell, it looks like the screen is just an iPad attached to the car rather than a screen that's actually part of the car, I wonder also how well it would stand when for instance driving frequently over offroad areas with rocks making the car bump all the time. In which case I think the model S and X win.all these complaints about no HUD just chill out, maybe you will love not having one, trust elon hes a smart guy.how many kW would It have?lol theyre gonna end up putting a 55" tv in the model 4.that screen looks way too odd. Should be integrated with the upholstery. thats just wierd propped up like that.wait! where's the speedometer ? they say safety first Здарова,пендосы!1.Chevys are built poorly 2.teslas have latest tech 3. teslas are all electric1:23 .... I'm married so I'll take the chimp!A "cheapskate" who buys a new car?A most excellent review. Thanks!At the drag strip, did you put it in sport mode?Does the 8-Bit-Guy know that todays electric cars are way more "not-green" than actual combustion-engine cars?GM should make an electric car with the Alpha chassis.I remember Logans run!!!Model 3!Not criticizing but, comic sans?!? ReallY?!?On-board charger is still only 3.3kw, this is no comparison to Tesla. Chevy needs to fix that to give it a 6.6Kw at least.Savage Mode 6:28a very long winded video - pls make a shorter 5 mins version by removing all the fluff.consumer reports say Tesla is junk for the price...below avg reliability which is no better GM...old Chevrolet volts were just reVolting. (pun intended)thank you for This! I'm torn between the 2nd gen volt and a lexus ct200h. I like the lexus' styling but the volt is definitely more economical. the only issue is I'm not sure how often I'd be able to charge it if I do move to a different areathis a joke , model 3 wins by a long shotunrelated question, what's that dome in your garage with the apple logo? Looks like a networking device.your federal tax credit, is that because it is an electric car, you receive a tax break for that in Texas? I've only heard that about CA...What a beauty...A beautiful carGREAT video! Thank you and well done. I can't wait for my Model 3. Melbourne Australia.Good job capturing the Model 3!I like the FJ cruiser in the back ground c: @ 00:38I still think the S looks better.Looks great!Looks like Mazda 3Model 3 order is in.Nice looking but still not for the mass. No one wants to ride base model. We all want better spect cars!OMG THIS CAR IS SO BEAUTIFUL!!! cant wait anymorePrototype, reservations, but no orders yet... is July 2017 the official start of production ? And when is the expected date of completion, end 2017 ? Sounds like hard to believe Model 3 would be vaporware, but what kind of surprise do you expect ?Prototype>>>Release candidateThe model 3 looks like a porsche panamera at the frontThis is not the beta prototype. It is the same one that was revealed a year ago. Please be more clear in the title and stop misleadingUhh Porshe SUV front meets Mazda rear end, it will sell great LOL!Watched this video for the car but the SpaceX branded piping in the background caught my attention! It looks like a small version of a hyperloop-tube prototype. Anyone care to shed a light on what it might be??Who else saw that orange Model X at 0:01 and wants that instead? loli love this car. 
btw i hate when ppl stick their limbs out of the window like that.this thing is so ugly !!!35000 $? I bet it's fake newsCompetitors are about to get raped by Tesla.Getting this as my first car :DGlass roof will really suck in sunny climates. Why do electric cars need to be gimmicky and impractical?Here's the thing, Tesla...

Get your mind out of the gutter. We all know you've created the Model 3 just so you can put them in the order of S, 3, X. And for those of us who like to spell things with numbers, I think we can put 2 and 2 together.I don't like how there is no screen in front of the steering wheelI really want this to be my next car purchase! I'm in a 2014 kua soul right now, and I love it, but I'm ready for the switch to full electric!I wish they can make a sports car for under 80kI'm looking forward to building these this year. This is gonna be the game changer, get ready for it.If this car had a muffler, i would do things, very dirty things to it (aka dis car shrexy af and my dream car as of 10 mins ago)It's pronounced Roy-ters. Geez!! You have to mock everything you think are foreign.That will be my second new car.The model 3's front end is my favorite looking out of the three. But I only like the prototype one. I've seen from previews of the changes they made and they added the black T shaped bar like on the model S. I liked the way it look when it was all smooth and resembled a shark.The whole front end has similarities to the Porsche Panamera ❤Yes tesla cars   Tesla the bestYou have to treat Tesla more like a phone company than a car company, which is very exciting tbh, imagine finally rid the burden of these auto dealers.i hope the final product will have that gap in the front "grill" like with model s and x. because this "clean" front looks to much like a duck. its strange.i'm worried that Tesla becomes a luxury car manufacturerlooks ok.  I like the idea of driving completely on electric.  But I'm waiting for the Tesla Truck.  One Youtuber claims it will be out by 2020.  I would like to believe that would be the case.  But Tesla's history it will be more like 2027 which will make me buy a Tacomatoo bad the dash board layout looks like crap7.5 billion dollars in one day. Bro....Dude.....HOLY FUCKAll these skeptical voices tesla 100% will succeed.As soon as I earn enough dough I will slap that dolla' on Elon musks face and tell him to give me one. I need this car.Comparing Jobs with Musk is ridiculous....I am really excited for these to release!  This is a great looking car that is environmentally smart!  If we all start giving electric a chance, we can start reducing our carbon foot print and make sure our kids have a nice planet to live on!I don't have the money to buy one atm. I will however own a Tesla model 3 one day!I just bought a Camry hybrid last week. Same amount of cash for a Tesla 3 ?? 
Brilliant !!I think the main difference between Tesla and all the other manufacturers of electric vehicles is that Tesla makes a really good looking car and the others are producing lumpy nerd mobiles.I'm buying! Model 3 looks like a PorscheNice video. Some information is just wrong. Model 3 competes against BMW 3, Mercedes C class, Audi A4, Infinity M35. You cant compare a Lexus with a S-Class. The Mercedes Blue print made by Toyota competes with Audi, Infinity or Buick.Omg take my moneyyyyyyTesla can`t compete with BMW 7 Series or Mercedes S-Class, don`t be ridiculous,  Americans simply don`t understand what real luxury is. By the way Tesla uses Mercedes underpinnings  for their cars, obviously because Tesla can`t engineer mechanical components on a decent level. Kinda goes for almost any American car company.Tesla could have made profit at any time. They just had to cut back R&D. Musk said it himselfTesla has actually announced that it is profitableTesla has not been operating at a loss.. God dammit mojoTesla kicks the asses of other car factory hard extreme hard. Tesla to the moon. Fuck the rest  car Industrie hard in the a...The model X pictures are the old ones and the model s front is differentThe only thing holding people back from buying EVs was the price and the skepticism of range, once price came down and range was proven to be possible, topped out with self-driving people just threw their money at it even before they saw it before anyone had driven it and before any reviews had come out.but must and tesla are being greedy make a car that sells for 20 grand not 35 grand if they don't other car companys will and tesla will be at the bottom when they should lead the electric car industry because tesla started the electric cars in the 18th centreyBut it's not going to cost $35,000 is it. The median price for the one you actually need is closer to $48,000. Tesla's pulling their usual schmeer. And it has no HUD or in fact any instrument cluster at all. It's going to be a cheap car that costs >$48,000HAHAHAHA phallic looking snake! who wrote this amazing line! RESPECT for the team & presenter.I have a deposit on one, will see how things stack up once released.  It also depends on when it comes to Canada and if there will be any rebates here.  It's the only EV on the market I'm interested in (other than the other Tesla models which I can't afford).I love Model 3 ❤️I reserved mine.. can't wait...I want a tesla so fucking bad D:I wont even be out of college for another 4 years so Ill just get one used for like 20-25KI'm definitely going to buy this car at 19-25 years oldIs this an Electric AMC Pacer.... or what ??          It's like comical to be driving around in this funnyazz lookin thing.      http://images.thetruthaboutcars.com/2010/02/CC-48-048-800.jpgIve never wanted another car so bad in my lifeNot going to put down money on a reservation for a car I can't test drive and who's Cdn price hasn't even been announced yet.Of course I'm going to wait 5 years, since I haven't had my first car yet. Evaluate the EV market around then, and make a decision. I'm leaning towards Tesla at the moment but of course there will be more production cars coming around 2022. Never be loyal to the brand but this is a very beautiful car.Only thing I don't like about model 3 is having to look over to the side to see speed. Just give us a small hud that has speed indicatorPlease keep updating about the model 3 about preorder one! Just curious about what it will look like!!!!Soooooo dullUs peasants cannot afford that !!!!Was thinking of ordering one. But just bought a new Land Rover instead, gonna wait a few years until there are enough chargers around (in Europe) then probably get one. :)Will tesla ever come to South Africa ?i want to eat your dick to get a Tesla Pls.ive been looking for a electric car that can go all around the world with 1 load and only cost 0.50$ so no this is not my car sadly damm tesla get your shit together"check out my other video where I built a calculator"- where is it? pls link these when you reference them, I looked on your channel and dont see it :-(90kwh battery won't be available for M3.Am I the only one who was annoyed by his nose? cool and informative vid btw :)Background music really distracting.I bought a used (2013) Model S 85 which has 261 mile range (less heat, radio, nav, and other overhead), for about $12,000 more than the stated Model 3 price. Nice to watch this video. No regrets on my part, especially considering I don't have to wait for the Model 3 the ~2 years before my place in line would have come up.I reserved my Model 3 late and am part of the mid-2018 group. I was more inclined to get a Model 3 because of the price point below the Chevy Volt, but having seen this video I am slightly swayed toward a CPO Model S.I'm waiting on model 3 but would ditch the 3 to pick up a CPO Model S refresh if it had all the options I'm looking for. My goal is Tesla by 40. I still have time Like you mentioned, you get free supercharging for the model 3 up to a certain amount right? So if you take one road trip a year youre fine.  ( I don't really do road trips)Love your channel and all the content !Or get a used model 3 O.oThat is really what is going on right now.   Tesla is doing their very best to change the minds of the people that reserved a Model 3.  That's why the option list will be very, very limited in the beginning.  Only a sunroof instead of a panoramic sun roof for instance. No AWD is another example.  And most of all : the free long-life supercharge you have on the model S you buy (even for the preowned !).  Just make the calculation on that and you will definitely take into consideration buying a used model S instead of a new Model 3...The average price after upgrade for model 3 will at max 42k$ (as per Elon). And average price of used model S is 60k$. So its difference of 18k$ with a possibility of getting atleast 25% federal tax credit even if you reserve one todayThe model 3 prototype is awesome. The release candidate, not so much. Sill nice looking car, but they made the "lip" bigger on the trunk and they made the front less sporty and aggressive looking. Looks a bit bland now. That, along with no instrument cluster may be enough to push me towards a used model sThe model 3 will probably come with autopilot 3.0, why do you think they call it model 3? S3XUgly ass car. Rather have a hemiUsed Model S is a sure bet - the wait for a Model 3 to mid 2018 delivery ?
Get a Model S and Drive it at least the time a Model 3 becomes readily available for delivery to a normal buyer who is not not high up on the Model 3 wait listWe need electric cars that have 300+ miles range and charges in about 3 hours and only deplete a couple percent capacity per yearYou using Tableau for your visuals?the car should be capable of solar power as well in between chargesAll I want is autopilot.Australian base model 3 is 65k !!! what the heckEven with all this considered, you're buying a fucking tesla. You know you're buying a nice car no matter how much you spend.Good video!
Sad to see all the hate. People are morons on YT.I hope you are high on the valuations because I will be a almost every box checker myself. Great video! Don't listen to the internet hacks, you built an assumption video based off of guesses and showed your reasoning where you got those guesses from. Solid work.I'm gonna help you with your math: 1x70,500=70,500; 2x70,500=141,000; 3x70,500=220,500. Now, can you please tell us what is closer to 167,500: 141,000 or 220,500. 
Welcome to 3rd grade math class! (at least in my country)If they would allow it all I would want is Base model with one difference. And that is with the biggest battery possible.Jameson would you pick a 2013 model s p85 performance or wait for model 3Mad Musik :-(Motors are different, batteries are now cheaper.. many things overlooked. But thanks, I still enjoyed the video while waiting for my early reservation to become available. :)Not true.So a base $35K model will be like a base BMW 320i and a loaded model will be priced more than a fully loaded M3.A base 320i is not a very nice car to live with as it's missing basic features people expect and that you get standard on a $25K Honda Accord or Camry.Source for pricing?Tesla Model 3 would not go over 60k$ with all the optionsThis video is stoopid and I hate you forever... But in all seriousness Im pretty auto pilot is standard elon wants it that way and what he says goesallif people are paying $ 375  for a bently, rolls royce, maybachs etc etc... theres gonna be teslas on that price at some point and people will def pay for it. Just like some people, im sure, are buing model s or x at full equipment.more then half of the items you show that make the model 3 (70k) arent even going to be a option there wont be a luda mode, there wont be a window option ,the dual motor isnt the same dual motor on the model s so why would you think it would cost the same ??? the only thing in this hole video that is kinda of accurate is the auto pilot costing about the same as model s . and i agree with dan you comparing a model d60 an say look at how the options made the price go up well no shit lol you went from a model d60 to a 100pd with no options added at all the model 100pd itself is like 70k more then the d60 lolsubzero weather is an option that they charge for? thats a hard no! NEXT! I cant even charge it anyway since it takes forever and i dont have nerves of steel to wait half an hour or more. plus i live in NYC. nowhere to charge anyway.BMW i8 is a freakin upset. I loved its looks and like bimma anyways, so I wanted to buy one. When I was test driving it, I was so upset. That sound (awesome) is only inside. Outside it sounds like what it really is, a 1.5L 3cyl engine. It was also too slow and not nimble enough to justify its price tag, nor its impracticability.Bad news
Elon confirms that the 3 won't have HUDDon't be surprised if the model 3 has no heads up display. There's only going to be one screen and one screen only. Not because of some new display. If you want 2 screens... I'd stick with your model x. Remember: Model 3 is a cheaper car, not the next generation car.ELON SAID THERE IS NOT GONNA BE A HUD... WELL MAYBE JUST BECAUSE THEY CALL IT DIFFERENT... Elon exactly knows what and how to say the things...Elon has already made it clear, the Model 3 will NOT have a HUD. Keep in mind, the Model 3 cost about half as much as the Model S. If you want the most advanced technology, Get the Model S or X. Same goes for the Model Y(Affordable SUV).HUD Display, ATM Machine, PIN Number...I don' t understand, why I liked loud cars when I was younger. It's just stupid if you think about it...I truly hope Tesla/Elon Musk is simply keeping quiet regarding their actual plans for the T3 center screen and/or heads-up-display(!?)  Ever since Tesla pioneered the smart center screen concept... it became an icon/feature Tesla fans look forward to seeing inside all Tesla models.  Tesla/EM, should consider giving T3 buyers the option to upgrade to a "classic" Tesla smart center display and also allow buyers the option to purchase a T3 with traditional/classic dashboard gauges. A Tesla without these features (or a way to upgrade to them) is going to be extremely disappointing.I'm bummed that EM tweeted no HUD, in fact I think it's a huge mistake not having any indicators in front of the driverLOVE your video. Please keep it coming.Musk has said there will be NO HUD, but if the model 3 comes with  a OBDII you could buy one from off evilbay for around 30-50 bucks and fit it.My prediction from observing this situation and being a driving enthusiast, is that Tesla will either put in a fancy HUD, or, an instrument cluster, in the Model 3, within the next 4 years....for a variety of reasons.  I'm also hoping governments insist upon it.One of that shit is necessary in an mass model evThere are already HUDs that floats the information "outside" the windscreen over the bonnet. BMW for example. Thanks for a great channel.This isn't gonna happen, guys...This will be awsomeWell my 5 year old Audi has a HUD that also projects into the wind screen, so that it appears as if it was 10 feet in front of you. I would be very upset if my new Model 3 wouldnt have that.What idiot would like to download an app to hear the nasty noise of an internal combustion engine?!Why say heads up display display??fake sound is good, imagine what it does to blind people.0:05 why not cut it out or redo the shot?1:07 adele(eeeee)Every Model E (3) video comes with aweful music! AWEFUL.Hope it comes in bright red ..a more youthful colorHow much is the oil change?I hope they keep the White interior as an option (and any other light, but darker variant without a YELLOWY tint) and I hope they fix that ugly front and I'd prefer some really nice birch, figured anigre or a bit darker like in the Jaguar XE with their Linear Wood Grain. It'd also be nice to have some iPhone integration or some CarPlay thrown in there so I can play from my streaming platform etc. Hopefully they also make their UI touchscreen more FLAT in design. Also a HUD addition would be nice too. Thx for the pics, good shots.I hope this doesnt become like the iphone where there is only one model out at a time and everyone's cars look identical. that's most likely what will happen though.I wonder if Elon Musk actually drives something like an S Class Mercedes or 7 Series BMW.I'm  SUCKER for a good shade of silver and this one is insane!I'm getting a Porsche vibe from this look.Mate, this is incredible! A+Sexy as FUCKThis car will not doubt be the most beautiful sedan in its price range.Was this the same color car shown at their reveal event for the model 3? By the way, great video.Why is the nose not more streamlined to  lower the drag?love the track! (and model 3 too )the more I see this car the more I want it.what is the name of this songwhat's the name of this musicBadassBeautiful in every way.I wonder how many people in the other vehicles exclaimed: "Yo, dude! That's the Tesla Model 3!!! That's frickin' awesome!!!" Or something like that! ;)It lloks like  mazda 3 and porsche at the same timeLooks like a game changer. Let's see if the hype is real come this time next year..Oh it's damn 22 century is just coming!!!Pretty boring watching them take photos of a car driving at low speed on a mostly empty road. But it is a nice looking car.Tesla for the winThe brake  light  is so smallThese people don't seem very professional.but is the interior actually only going to have just a iPad and nothing else?damn this is one ugly carit's a beautiful carman i will miss the exhaust screamingohhhh! this guy getting fired from moter trend. xDthe model three looks better than the model S cause it has that slight resemblance to a Porsche at the frontthis is the prototype. It looks much better than the release candidatesBolt all the wayDid you mean 240 volt??Dodge demon !Electric cars are still not affordable for the regular guy.GREAT video!! I'm in the market and this truly helped me decide. Everything said was same-old info up until the looks. Yes, the Tesla is MUCH sexier, sportier and nicer....but OMG, when I saw the trunk on the Tesla, I knew I couldn't live with that. My use is to get to commute to a ranch about 35 miles from my home...the trunk on the Bolt will certainly be FAR more practical and useful then that mailbox of the Tesla. In a couple years I hand it down to my kids who go to school. I know the Tesla is more intereting, unique and nicer-looking but that trunk is hardcore dysfunctional, useless and pointless. Lastly, I'm excited for the future, there's a LOT more great stuff clearly to come! Thanks for this video!Here in Europe I suspect the Chevy (as an Opel Ampera-E) will outsell the model 3. First of all, it will be available earlier. Secondly, it's a real car and not an iPad on wheels like the Model 3. Yes, the outside of the Model 3 looks better than the Chevy, but the lack of interior will turn away many customers. Yes, the Model 3 is faster than the Bolt, but here EVs are mostly bought as business cars because of tax advantages. So those cars will mostly be driven during rush hours, when speed doesn't really matter that much.Honestly, when its time to buy a car, usually you have no choice but to get one today.  Also, speed and torque are not safety features, as many Tesla drives who crashed their cars would attest.  The Chevy also has the lane keep  assist, but its not active, in fact, more than a few car companies are purposely dodging the active systems because they do have a questionable history right now and its still unproven (also, a high number of drivers and reviewers hate the systems).  As for the ability to see the car in front of the car in front of you, Mercedes and BMW both have that system, Tesla wasn't even the first to have it. Overall, I wouldn't choose ether, but if forced to choose,  I would go for the Chevy. Sure, the Tesla looks nicer on the outside, but the inside of the Chevy is far more practical and useful, and I carry stuff on a regular basis, I need storage room.I think that Tesla trunk was the reveal prototype.  I think it's bigger and more accessible now.Model 3 boiTESLA for lifeTEZZZZLA hands down man !!!!  HANNNNNDS DOWN :)TeslaTesla all the wayThanks for the comparisons, it was helpful. I really would like to get the Tesla, (i'm a 64 year old grandma :) ), but I dont know if I can wait 2 more years before getting a new car. I guess the thing about the Tesla that I feel is strong advantage is that it has the provision for being totally auto driven, which I like very much and is a huge asset.The 3 is nice but I would go with the bolt, it's a lot more practical. Although the 3 is sexier it lacks storage and does not have a roof rack. I ride my bicycles and like to carry them on top, Not sure if the 3 has rack mounts located in the roof like other Teslas.I would rather have some one hit the rear end of the car and not my bikes. And like most of us you drive it for a couple of years and then trade in for the latest.This is why you use the internets and reserve a Model 3 before the unveilYou are talking about autopilot and self parking and showing other things from the Model S that may not be available or will add many thousands of dollars in options costs to the Model 3 and at the same time trying to say the prices are similar between a Model 3 and a Bolt.A $35K Model 3 with zero extra cost options may not be available in 2018 because they will have very limited production capacity and are prioritizing orders of maxed out units that may sell for more like $50K+ after all the options. What features are really going to be standard on a Model 3 and what requires thousands of dollars in extra cost options?There is a limit of how many tax credits will be available per manufacturer. Will the $7500 Federal tax credit even be available on the 2018 or 2019 Model 3 or will they have all been used up by then?Teslas have had a ton of technical and quality control problems with the Model S and Model X. Why expect any different from the Model 3? It will probably be safer to wait for 2019 or 2020 Model 3s so Tesla has some time to work out the production kinks and quality control issues, but by then there definitely will be no tax credits left.click bait with pic...reporteddude hd trucks have like 900-950 ft-lbs of torque...i thought tesla said all his tech is available publicly, & he encourages ALL CAR COMPANIES TO USE THEM INTO THEIR OWN CARS SO THE TECH WILL BE MORE EASILY ASSIMULATED INTO THE CUSUMER MARKET???I hope that one day I can be driving down the highway and look around me and be surrounded by Teslas.OMG YASSSSWhat ‘s the music? Anybody knows?’Why don't they fly this thing to Nürburgring for proper testing?fantastic! Did the BLUE M3 have Daytime running lights?what is the music? very niceI can tell they tweaked he nose a little bit. The nose on the prototype looked very cartoonish and un realistic to me but now the car is looking like a regular everyday car. They did change the headlights there is some new photos of it in blue. The grill thing they should have made that an option. I love teslas and I want one but those noses make the designs look a little unfinished on the model s. It looks good from angles but some angles it's like ummmmmm.... And the dashboard in the tesla looks totally unfinished. I'm sure if Chevy can put a nice two tone interior in the bolt and volt with an instrument cluster with a finished touchscreen look I'm sure tesla can do the same. I mean come on, the dashboard looks like they slapped something together right before it was time to reveal it. It takes away from the car. Again I would love to buy a tesla but tesla needs to start making they cars look finished. That means quality control needs to get its ass together and fit and finished need to start looking like Cadillac. I mean yea y'all young but it was proven a few days ago you could be just as good as an ford, Lincoln, Chevy or Cadillac. At this point I don't care about getting the car out on time. If quality isn't going to be that good and an dashboard is gonna look like no effort was put into it... then y'all need to wait until next year to reveal it. If I have to get rid of autonomy to have a decent interior I will because really I want to drive my car and experience the joy of driving. I don't like autopilot on cars that much I'm not a fan. This might be the first criticism I have ever had of tesla.I don't care much about the interior or exterior looks of a car, after all, you're not gonna be living in it or spending much time in it in your day. Maximum 3 hours if traffic is bad.I have a feeling the first 500 M3's off the line will have multiple weaknesses and bugs based on past MS and MX .I have a question and I don't know if anyone else has noticed or care.  Looking that the spotted release candidates the front nose is more muted or toned down.  In my opinion it takes away from the aggressive look the Alpha's have and make the car see more Mom and Pop'like.  I know there were some people a year ago wanted Elon to tweak the front end but I don't care for what they've done and would rather he go back to the original look.

If you could will you please do a video about this?  I would really love to know other peoples feedback.Is the steering wheel still the same ugly thing?It must be amazing to drive. Holy crapNo-one seems to mention the 'spaceship like' steering wheel Elon tweeted about. Any ideas on that?Tesla might have aimed too low with this one. The interior and the trunk in particular looks unfinished. I understand that they wanted to get this thing to market on time, but customers would have probably preferred to wait a few months longer rathern than get an unfinished, half-baked product. I would really like the model 3 to succeed, but what I've seen so far is not very encouraging. Let's hope Tesla pulls something amazing out of the bag at the last minute...Tesla model 3 owners club
Only elon owns a tesla model 3Thanks Trevor. You placed things in perspective. 
Terrible how not only everywhere else, but even here people are stubbornly projecting their own speculations. Or downgrading the car based on falsities or just one aspect. 
While the car still is a huge leap forward, combining BEV, range, speed, AP, FAD, upgradability supercharging and production capacity, with affordability, design and spaciousness. Let's not forget that there is no comparable competitor!
Looking forward to getting mine. Early 2019 I expect, here in The Netherlands. Having ordered April 22, 2016.The Bolt is better. Why wait for a car that will probably have many delays (because that is a Tesla thing) when you can get a awesome Bolt! The Model 3 well also be way more expensive then what they are promising because all of the tech they are promising. The Bolt has plenty of cool tech for a reasonable price.The only thing I really dislike about the Model 3 is the dash.  That screen is way too huge, and there should be at least some gauges right in front of the steering wheel.WWe should all have solar arrays on our roofs to be net zero consumption at home and have a few more to cover the consumption of charging our electric cars at night from the excess making our cars 100% solar powered and reducing the overall ROI time on the home array.here a link to a nice video:

https://www.instagram.com/p/BTdJgu1FjX_/https://www.instagram.com/p/BTdJgu1FjX_/if you take your model x or s watch out you have to wait in line with full of model 3 chargingmy estimate is the Model 3 will have a maximum​ range of around 467kmyou appear to be independent,but you do so great, i wonder if you could be a indirect speaker of tesla.....?ᴳᴿᴱᴬᵀ ᵛᴵᴰᴱᴼ ᴹᴬᴺBeautiful car, should sell well, oh wait it already has.Dat frump.. so hot right now!Either the silver, the red or this white!Hmm, they did tone down the nose.  Thanks!I can't see the difference between this car and the one that they first presented last year. Are they
 going to change the trunk ?I hope they will have the grey turbine wheels as on the red prototype as an option.Is that a PorscheIt's awesome to live in a time where people have 4K cameras in their pockets...It's so beautifullllllllllLooks to me like the trunk lid will seal against the rear window glass. I hope they have that sorted as far as the water seal goes.Love love loveModel 3 looks lovely in White.Panel gaps !!!SEXY! I can't afford one but I'm still excited and happy for anyone who's going to receive theirs in the next year or two.Spectacular!That thing looks sooooooo good in white!!!!!!!The Model 3 is going to kill it! Change automotive history!The body panel gaps though...lets hope production model quality goes up.looks very nice. if they could base the AP on a PCI slot for an off the shelf GPU for now and keep it under 40k it would greatly help the success. 8k AP that doesn't work is a massive mistake on model 3. killer eventhose lights look killerCome on man! At least include some exhaust clips or something!Does it have day time running lights?Full disclosure: I have a Model 3 pre-ordered.  With the Model 3's 
center display arrangement, does anyone else have ergonomic concerns?  I
 mean, imagine that every time you check your speed, instead of just 
nodding or flicking your eyes down and back up, you'll have to look down
 and to the right (for anyone with glasses, the neck movement will be 
even more pronounced).  Now try nodding your head just slightly down and
 to the right, focus on the bottom right corner of your computer 
monitor, and then come back.  Now do it again.  And again--and again 
every time you check your speed, rpms, temp, or any other bit of 
information.  For most drivers, hundreds of times a day, out of habit.
I predict neck problems for a lot of Model 3 drivers.  I also expect 
aftermarket products that will help fix this obvious problem.  What I 
didn't predict was that Tesla would stick to an interior layout that 
basically just slaps a computer monitor onto the console between seats. 
 It's a inefficient use of space, for one thing, and it is going to lead
 to neck discomfort, for sure.  Elon, if you are listening, it isn't too
 late to fix this!
Otherwise, will some clever folks with access 
to manufacturing tech create some sort of kit to modify that cockpit 
layout abomination?  Keep it under a thousand, make it easy to install, 
and I'll buy one for sure....Good catch!Hey love the guitar, I'd like to learn this song can u tell me who it is?I really hope they do something about it's nose, it doesn't look right>_> Good find anyway)I used 40 seconds of your video for a video in my Channel. Can I have any problem ? Thank you !Looks great all around but I hope those gaps and alignment offset in the c-pillars get fixed.My Uncle is getting one of these.Thanks for this beauty, want to use some screen-shots in a post with your permission...Thanks mate.First clear and really good shots.So glad I reserved one :-)The ICE are going to be the black and white TV and Tesla models the 8K TV.This is a Model X not a Model 3. WOWThis vehicle looks like a compact crossover, which makes it a lot like the Tesla Model. I love it! ☺️WHEN IS THIS THING COMING OUT 

SERIOUSLY I MEAN THIS CARS GOT ALL THE HYPE SO WHEN DO WE SEE IT ON THE ROADYou can tell that Tesla is serious about EVs because their cars look mainstream instead of "gay".kinda looks outdated already.some random person . just rich .. click baitsophisticated, sexy and futuristic.this background music is WAY overused by way too many videos.0:49 missed a stop sign lolDoesn't look like a 35k car I'm sorryFunny how car makers found it necessary to keep ev's ugly until Elon did something about it, bringing us the model s. this one looks nice to. I find S nicer though.I don't too much care for the front end design of the car myself  other than that it seems like it's gonna be bad Ass car like the other two.IT'S NOT COMPLETE. WHERE THE FUCK IS THE FUCKING INSIDE!?!?!?!?!?If you're going to film a screen, you might want to block out your windows better or turn the screen so it's not reflecting your windows as much.Is the roof glass on all Model 3's?OMG THERE IS NOTHING WHAT  I WOULD NOT LOVE ON THIS CAR. I CANT WAIT TO OWN MY OWN MODEL 3.
ELON MUSK IS WRITING HISTORY, AND OTHER CAR MANUFACTURERS GONNA BE IN FEAR ONCE THE MODEL 3 TAKES OF... the "conventionals" shoot on their own foot by holding on to stupid old technology combustion engines for so long...PerfectionSo is this leaked or what?So when is the release date on the market for this car ?This looks like the prototype not the release candidate is it?Ugly copied Porshe (front), VW (back). Their "designer" is an incompetent idi*t and NO HATCHBACK!! Only the poorest car companies "design" no hatchbacks.What a BEAUTIFUL car~  Simply amazing, the future is here..glossy screen reflectiongotta say, that front end is way too short though..nah...no body was drivingthe back look uglyElon confirmed in a tweet today that there will be no HUD. Not something I ever cared about anyway. However, no dual motors is a deal breaker. When my reservation number comes up I'm going to have to delay until it's available.Here is a clear view http://jalopnik.com/this-is-the-full-tesla-model-3-way-before-youre-suppose-1794073497How do you expect a driver to turn there head to the right while driving to see how fast they're going? An HUD should be a priority in the model 3.I said a while back, the HUD makes no sense. It would bring up the cost of the car. The idea of the Model 3 is an affordable car for everyone. Too much speculation.I was just about to get a new Audi but then I heard about the model 3... bye bye Audi and hello Tesla.I wonder what the reference to a 'spaceship' steering wheel actually means?  Perhaps a small display included there?NO HUD?! NO Binnacle? Oh yeah, you mean there’s a screen exactly level with the steering wheel?! Re-watch and focus on the steering wheel. This is probably the solution to the problem. Also did anyone notice the giant, rumor mongering, salaciously dressed computer on the passenger dash? Ah, Denkmal did. Good eye Denkmal.New photos of Model 3 production candidate  as seen on a street show no changes to the front grill/bumper.Not watched this video yet but people saying no HUD because of side angle shot? Can't see HUDS from side angle. I got the BMW i8 and the HUD is only viewable from driver seat.

Got a model 3 on order. 

No hud = cancelled order. I'm not looking in the middle when I drive.People with silver hair are geniuses!Some new pics of the 3.
https://www.teslarati.com/black-tesla-model-3-release-candidate-spotted-driving-silicon-valley-full-gallery/

No mustache, no chance in front end at all except it is gloss black. I think I already commented as suchThe nose looks the same to me. The black paint and lighting obscure the "snub". Look at alpha prototype pics at same angle and washed out lighting (e.g. http://www.teslarati.com/tesla-model-3-sightings-spy-shots-gallery/ )The screen just seems to be too small for displaying the autopilot info on it. So my guess is that the base model will have no HUD, but if you order the autopilot software, you will get a HUD.This is looking like a Lego Designer video!Trev, not to say "I told you so" about the HUD, but... well, I told you so!  I mean, it's a 20% smaller, more simplified Model S for half the cost of a Model S.  The Bolt's $37,500 base price (with a built-in loss for Chevy) should have been a warning that we couldn't get high tech goodies that the S doesn't even have at such a low price point.  But I'm not trying to kick you while your down.  I do, however, want to draw attention to something you (or many of your other viewers) may flip out about when the time comes, and that's my prediction that Tesla will probably monetize the crap out of the infotainment & navigation software.  It's just not possible to sell the Model 3 for $35,000 and include things that competitors (BMW, Audi, etc.) also charge $$$ for.  Model 3 already performs like a 330i but with essentially a cheaper price point than the 320i.  I don't believe they are going to give away things like navigation / infotainment without paying for an upgrade package.  I think there's an expectation that the Model 3 will include all that in the base price because its in the S & X's base model pricing, but I think that's an unwise assumption to make and I haven't heard anyone really talk about that possibility.UK is not the only RHD market.Well it's confirmed then, MODEL S 3 X Yby the time i graduate college the model 3 will be shown as the final product if there is no option for hud im gonna have to get the s or x. at the very least they should put controls on the steering wheel.love the mod. 3
but I really like the little city behind you. did you make them?when Elon says dual motors Model 3 production is expected to start in “6 to 9 months-does anybody knows 6-9 months from when? From the release candidate video or July 1st the beginning of production?"KANADEEAN" - HAHAHAHAHA!90% capacity after 150,000 miles? That's equivalent to - what is said - a combustion engine loses in power over that period of time (150k / 12k/year = 12.5 years) and that's not even considering clutch, transmission and differential wear and all the loss of power transmission to the wheels that goes with it :o@Mindaugas Putelis

Šaunuolis, Mindaugai!Also the all wheel drive EV's are more efficient than two wheel drive.  So you get more range, better handling, and faster acceleration with 4 wheel drive.Are you allowed in YouTube space yetBrilliant idea to make this episode outside! I love your channel. Keep up the good work.Canadean @12:50 bahahaDo you guys notice that the model's name of Tesla is closer to the word S3XY.For those in the UK, watch The Great Village Green Crusade presented by Robert.Fully Charged in 4K...

...WOOHOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!Great episode!  Loving the "on screen chemistry" between you two.  Much easier to listen to and to digest the information and fun to watch. :)Hello Robert
Enjoy your videos but the problem everything is beyond my price range - we are not all super rich! 
I was wondering if you would consider doing an article on what is available on the second user market and what problems we might encounter. I do not how reliable they might be. I would think that batteries might be an issue. Also would like to know these would be in a rural environment. Presumably power supplies would be more stretched.

Thank you for your enjoyable videosLove the back-and-forth in this episode!  I'm a big fan Robert, but the show is much better when you have someone to play off of that shares your sense of humor.  Will we be seeing more of this format in the future?Nature's office is certainly appropriate for the renewable theme of Fully Charged.  Keep up the great work.  The Model 3, like numerous sedans/saloons of the last decade or so, does have the profile of a coupe'/hatchback. But unlike the Model S, there is no hatchback for the Model 3.  It was designed with a more or less traditional trunk/boot, albeit with a rather short opening.Really love the blue screen work and CGI. ;-)That background is clearly photoshop... I can tell by the pixels... having seen many in my time... lolWhat's needed is for the next James Bond movie to have an all-electric car in it. That would make people sit up and take notice.love your backdrop this time. I am in California but I still feel a picnic in an English ravine would be awesome.showers use between 9-14kw so surely most homes are capable of providing that already?the e.GO life (german electric car) is ready to be test driven.. i'd love to see some videos on this because it is a 15.800€ car and it will go on sale in early 2018.Douchebag.....he is. Yoda sayFake newsGod, that guys voice bugged me - bloody well cough and clear your throat. Can't stand arses that carrying on talking with a crackly voice. And if he always speaks like that, then he should Never be allowed on TV or Radio.He needs to button his shirt a bit more. This a financial show.He's right about the fanbase/analyst statementI guess this expert doesn't seem to care about the difference between fixed costs and gross margin. Either that, or he is tied with short-term investments into the stock. I mean, what else could it be? Does he honestly think that most reservers won't place an order? Especially considering the production candidates look almost identical to the revealed models, meaning people know what they'll get. Or is he suggesting that Tesla's lying about the production ramp status being on track?I hope all you people tarnishing this man for his very reasonable opinion, put your entire retirement money into Tesla, and I hope you ll loose it all.I will never buy another gas car. Made a trip from DC to NYC and never paid for gas. did not pollute the air. In five years never had an oil change or a repair of any kind.It looks beautifulShe's got a bad tooth, since I've noticed that it's still bugging me... 1:56They didn't make any profit because they invested it. They build the Gigafactory, expanding their supercharger network,  they are making preperations for the Model 3 and they are busy with designing the upcoming models. And they are busy with the battery packs, the solar roof and creating battery storage. If they didn't invest at all, they would certainly make a profit this year, but they would be gone the year after it because they didn't innovate.This guest is such a piece of shit.This poor Moron doesn't understand Elon's buisness plan. SMHWhat's with this guy? Does he know anything about Tesla? Does he know anything about statistical proof? They won't failhow could he not mention the battery plant - that has be the majority of the billionit's like this guy is incapable of thinking long term, The money is not "burned" it is invested in future growth of the company.lol! the cars are going to fly out the door brotencent is a company who got to were it was unfairly because of the fact that western competitors couldnt get into china because its not a free market , tencent got away with ripping off and gaining massive wealth with their monopoly in china , even alibaba called them a ripoff and thats saying something.they burned 970m????? ya no shit they just opened the worlds largest building to make batterys giga factory and opened the new factory to mass produce teh model 3 and some model s cars does bloomberg know it cost money to make money????100% disagree with you on the front nose.  It looks muted and mom & pop-like.  It totally makes the car look dated.  

If I had access to Elon I would tell him to push forward with his original prototype.

Thou should take a vote on the look and see if people prefer the original alpha prototype, the muted down release candidates or the tesla moustache.As far as the placement of the display, sure it is not very far to look at it in the middle instead of through the steering wheel, but when you look between the steering wheel you just looked down with your eyes.  No head movement is needed.  To look at a screen in the middle, there will be head movement involved.  It is going to be like looking at your radio on your normal car.  You cannot do that without moving your head.Charger port is on the driver side, not passenger.EELONN!!! MARRY ME!!!!!I am hoping to get a Model 3 for my 18th birthday in the year 2020!! In 2020, Tesla's Supercharging network will be hopefully much more dense and all of the kinks the Model 3 will be fixed by that time....and mabey the price will drop when the Gigafactory is in full production...I hate how they hung the GUI on the dash...like a bad mustache on a skinny face.I hope people realise that they are not buying a model X/S, they will be getting a stripped down version with waaaaaaaaaaay less options. Way more simple low tech interior.I think a good HUD would be key here. Why can't they put it in?I think it looks way better without the mustacheInstall a pad on a stand behind the steeringwheel as a headsup display?Interesting to see how most people want to stick with what they know, I.e. a centre dash. Elon is known to differentiate his products by being challenging the status quo. A single screen is cheaper and totally configurable. I expect a HUD to be an option at some date...Is tesla model 3 charge with mobile..?Lol they're not going to add the moustache or anything that will delay the launch, not even dual motor!Mustaches are outNo new videos lately?That interior is really disappointing... love the big screen, but we still need a a center screen right behind the steering wheel. looks to basic for me.That landscape infotainment screen layout is way too close to the steering wheel.  It's almost in the way of your right hand.The car is great because it is electric and very safe. Put that aside, its not luxurious or as good looking inside and outside compared to audi 4 or bmw 3 series or merc c class. Especially bmw 330i that comes with HUD,You said you live in a 110 degree climate... where do you live bro ?Cnet used to my favorite, now i HATE itComes out July :PCovfefe, that's what it is...I don't see how this is a leak but regardless, for the price, I'd need to have the features of the tesla. No SaleI just want to know when the damn thing will finally come out. I preordered in the first two minutes so hopefully I won't have to wait three eternities to get it.I know that Tesla doesn't "do" commercials, but I think they should do just one introducing the whole line (s,x and 3) so people understand the difference.

something along the lines of "Model X the world first electric SUV, Model S the best selling Luxery car and the model 3 the most economical electric car yet"Late! And this is NOT a leak...OOOOOOOOLD NEWSTesla is for Kool-Aid drinkers... Non reliability car and rate as the worst in safety. No thanks, let the Kool-Aid with the arsenic washed down your stomach, it would be faster to die that way. Good luck!The steal panels is actually a good thing! 

It means normal body shops will be able to repair damages at a fraction of the cost of the Model SThey need to mass production these cars right away so everyone can buy one. Tesla will put other cars makers and gasoline polluter out of business very soon. Like iPhone put nokia, Microsoft, blackberry, corolla out of business.They showed this exact comparison at a presentation i attended at my local tesla dealershipThis  info would have been a leak if it came out 1.5 years ago!This is a chart from Tesla's website. No leak and no new information.This was old news you're two weeks lateliterally got the link from a tesla employee yesterday.i was in the store and pulled it up on the screen...not leaked at all.smhone reason to buy Tesla is that you wont have to deal with private dealerships!wait... how comes iyaz looks younger than he was 10 years ago?yellow ass teeth nice braces tho, fix ur teeth, save the world. save these "leaked info" lie vids for the trash c-net.you are not comparing the the acceleration of the base modelsCHANGE THE MISLEADING TITLE!!!Click bait garbage video.Great vid thank you Ben, keep up the great work, Tesla's are still pretty rare where I live in Australia but I did actually see one a few days ago on the motor way, I was following it from rear 3/4 view and it was simply stunning!
Can't wait for the 3 to be released here and hopefully this will bring the model S used prices down to a level I can afford.
Our biggest online car market website currently has 20 used Tesla's lol !
I'd like you to crunch some numbers one day on solar panels connected to power walls and charging your model s from the power wall ! Regards DazGuys, awesome and informative as usual. My question is for those that are in the pipe for ordering in 2017 and decide to wait for AWD, more options, etc...how are these individuals resequenced back into the population? Do they bump individuals like myself that reserved on April 1 and fall in the 150K-200k place in line? Any thoughts on how these individuals will be managed? Thank you again!Hi Ben, could you please perform your data analysis magic to figure out what the likely range of the model three will be with the largest battery they will offer? I would appreciate seeing that analysisI will wait until available, AWD, Bio Filter, Auto Pilot, FSD, Suspension.   I hope they have those options. OR if I win the Tesla Raffle then I won't have to worry about it. LOLI'd be furious if the larger battery is an extra 10k. I'm assuming that the gigafactory and the model 3 being a mass production car will bring that down significantly. Of course I'm aware your pricing is the worst case scenario.

I essentially want exactly the car that is depicted as the most popular configuration, but I'd rather not wait for the AWD. I'm in the midwest so if it's between getting AWD and missing the cut on the full subsidy or settling for RWD and receiving the full subsidy, it's a no brainer for me to setting for the RWD despite midwest snow.In the accounting world, there is a BIG difference between cost and price. You are referring to the price of the vehicle for consumers. The cost is inferring that the Model 3 will cost Tesla $50k to build. 

Like everyone else said, clickbait title = dislike.In the last configuration part, you forgot to mention about wheel size. Base model comes with 18 inch wheels and they look horrible to me(saw recent pictures of model3 going around tesla factory) They also the look out of place and don't fit with model 3's design. Many people will be tempted to upgrade to 19 inch that are shown in most of media and picturesIs it tezla or tesla?May as well buy a used model SOf course the $35k model will be a stripper and Tesla will
not build ANY in this spec....Ughhh please take out a background music-soooo annoyingWill the Model 3 have the following features included standard in the most basic model?
Note: These are features available or standard in some trims of economy cars like Honda Civics, Corollas, Elantras and Kia Fortes.

Backup camera
Blind spot monitoring
Bluetooth handsfree and bluetooth audio streaming
6 or 8-way power drivers seat
On-board GPS turn by turn navigation or some way to use a phone app for navigation
Adaptive cruise controldislike for the clickbaitglass roof? your going to be tan all year from all the uv rays.i just want the most basic as model 3 so 35k?i want the blue one...its 35,000K 50K is with all the bells and whistlestesla was always over promised and underpriced, same will be true of the three.1.07: look at the misalignment of that side panel.. :ODang, seems like the aerowheels from the black reveal prototype are actually going to make it into production.Does US cars have front registration plates?Hope they change the break light from the back, it doesn't seem to view good at allI get that it's a tester, but those panel gaps are rediculous.I like that panoramic view.I really like these aero wheels. Probably getting them.Like seeing a pretty girl from behind, then she turns around and looks like honey boo boo...Looks like an Audi from the back and a Porsche in the frontOooo dat panel gap on the trunk!  And the paint doesn't match on the various panels.  Really hope that's a prototype/preproduction car rather than what will go on sale.People should be fined for purchasing any electric vehicle. The government got all of you thinking this is a green option Porsche front end lmaoRear is ok..   but that freakin' front end is off a Pacer or something.       It's seriously embarrassing for a car in that price range.        Proportions are all screwed.That is a little uglier than I expected.The

 Well consider the other 60%?  THE DEALERS get a huge chunk of this, it was estimated that dealers get almost a 1/4 of sales price, not including dealership warranty repairs.

The incumbents also have a massive add budget figure 8-10%! Tesla does a few events that's about it. The supercharger network is probably the biggest expense which is arguably sales support...

Can't compare a rule of thumb from a fundamentally different business model. Tesla has minimal sales and marketing expense and don't share the revenue with thousands of dealers.First Batteries, so what. Tesla had to Meet Production Schedules to scale up if he makes it and performance and milage too? I think it won't happen as supposed or best GM.I may not be a forensic accountant, but some of the statements sound like bad thinking. I was open minded, but I hear stuff not making sense. I did pass 2 semesters of accounting. 
cost of production: 14000
cost of batteries:     11000
total                           25000
Sale Price                  35000
Sounds like $10K profit.

If I have missed something, please enlighten us.I'm not sure if this is useful or worthwhile to dwell into as we will never know.  Battery cost will be a closely guarded secret.  If you ask me, the Model 3 doesn't even have to be profitable.   This is the reason Elon is already discussing other products such as the Semi-truck and the Model Y.  All they need is to manufacture a lot of battery cells far than any competition before Elon can consider Tesla as profitable. Once the bring the down the costs of batteries, all current and future products will start to become profitable.  There is a larger but quieter revolution going on outside electric vehicles and it is in the electric power industry.Nice videoPeople who are willing to put a deposit on a car knowing nearly nothing about it- probably people that aren't going for the base model. If Tesla can turn a literal dime on a $35,000 car then they're doing fantastic. Profit on upgrades alone makes it a competitive business, take into account that they're getting massive amounts of money to work with before they have to deliver a product (0% interest loans) and the smart money is still on Tesla. Clearly the market is still privy to that too.

The business infrastructure this company is building... Just mind-boggling. Hitting the Model 3 production numbers won't even be one of the more impressive featsProduction costs will also decrease as production rates increase.  The whole car costs, not just the batteries, will decrease as production rates increase.  Much of their production costs are fixed so the more cars are built the lower the per-unit cost.Seriously appreciated this video... Considering I'll be working on them soon!Shirt?So many relevant factors you're completely glossing over.Still making money from roof tiles and superchargers anyway. So Elon wont lose shit.Tesla 3 looks ugly.Tesla is late on the market appox 3-5 years. They use the hype and Musk is a perfect PR, he can even sell you a sand on a desert, but till now 13k$ TESLA is losing on every car they sale. Model 3 will be a big big CHECK for the company, meanwhile we got new car sales decline, used car price just tumble every month, lowering GDP, raising interest rates environment, retail collapse, and you have to be blind not to see a recession that is coming with huge steps. TESLA is really great company but not for themselves LOL, I admire people who put lots of money in a company that make record losses, that even banks don't want to borrow them more, and they got record high in delays for suppliers payments. I don't comment their quality, as TESLA used cars got big problems to be even sold. That will be the biggest FRAUD (like Enron ... I see similarity Enron, Elon) or biggest success, but as I said on the beggining they are couple of years too late on the market. If it will turn out that it's a FRAUD and US the same time will hit a recession this 120$ for a share will be way much much too high for this company. Like with The Big Short. They were -50% to get +500% and everybody was laughing from them. Stockmarket always makes check to fundamentals. It's better for TESLA to get strong fundamentals till check will occur.Tesla will also not only sell cars but also updates for its software which is unique in the automotive industry. Maybe the 35000$ will not be very profitable but after the purchase moment many people will update their software with, for ex: more autonomy or faster acceleration. For sure Tesla will have more things you could update via just a over the air download.Where do you think electricity comes from? The materials to create the car? The production of the batteries, the electricity to power the computer you're reading this comment on, the materials inside that computer, ..... Seriously, how does this channel exist? Why are you pretending Tesla is innovating something that has been around since the 1800s? (the electric motor)

"At least we're going in the right direction to combat climate change"....... "At least we're supporting an innovative CEO who cares about the environment".......
FUN FACT there were higher CO2 levels during ice age periods. CO2 means absolutely nothing. The climate will always change. Your messiah Elon Musk and side kick Bill Nye has fooled you.Wouldn't it make more sense to offer a 120 miles range battery at the entry 35K?nice charts and graphs but faulty analysis.  Gross profit of 27% on a product means that the cost of parts and labor to get it out the door is 73% of the price.  If a Model S has an average price of $90,000 for example, the average cost to build it is about $65,000 including the battery pack.  That is about all you can infer from Elon's statement without further assumptions.  If you assume the battery pack is 1/3 of the cost and the gross profit for the Model 3 has a lower target, say 20% and an average price of $45K, then the target cost to build would be $36,000.  If the battery pack is 70 Kwh and again assumed to be 1/3 the cost, that would equate to a target of about $170/kwh.  This is not out of the question, if the many assumptions are close to reality.what about if there is another GFC this or next year and all people that have placed an order for model 3 pull out?
Like what happened with the roadster in 2008#red!@jessie 
Go see dr. Pimple popper- not being funny, 100% serious. 
1. It may help (brother had acne issues all through middle/high school) 
2. Her YouTube channel does well, just like yours. More exposure, different audience, and my wife and I will definitely watch lol 

**either way, I appreciate the time you two spend making these videos! Thanks !Could you please number the episodes again? Like ”Tesla Time News 36”

By the way, my favorite 3 color is grey (as on every car).Episode 36Guys...this   http://egovehicles.com/  is an eGoHelp! We have purchased a Model X and take delivery in July. We live in Saskatchewan, and we need Superchargers in our province. There are lots of Level II chargers, but there is a huge gap between Calgary and Winnipeg (1,327kms) with no Superchargers. Please let Tesla know!  We love your show by the way!Hi Zac & Jessie you guys bring up some good topics I love the one about the electric ship if one ship can replace a hundred trucks that's a lot of pollution not entering in  the air keep up the good job guys.Hi Zac and Jesse, A large thanks to both of you for your great videos. And....congrats on qualifying for the June 2 Factory tour Model 3 event. I'm sure you have received lots of questions about the Model 3 to find the answer to but I'm hoping you don't mind a couple of additional ones. Some of them are generalized and subjective.1.  The Exterior - Is it larger, smaller, or the same as what you expected? Some have said it is 90% the size of a Model S and the sales people I have talked to say it is 75%. What say ye? Also could you try to find out the actual dimensions (L,W,H)2. The Interior - is it larger, smaller, or the same as what you expected? Can it comfortably seat 5 adults for a long road trip? I'm sure height is ok but what about elbow and leg room in the rear. Some of the original reveal videos showed it pretty crowded in the back seat during the test rides. In what way is the interior like a space ship? Any interior surprises forthcoming in July reveal (not what they are but more along the lines of: is there more?)3. What makes the Model 3, with no options, the best $35,000 car? 4. Has anyone configured yet? Employees?5. Any info on something special for 1st day reservation holders? 6. And finally, the usual questions about the changes to the nose, trunk, and dash that everyone is dying to know about. Thanks for taking the time to consider these questions,Ron K.How does tesla ban people from using their car for uber?Love the Red, but as most red cars in the desert sun soon turns pink. The color so far I am contemplating is silver with white or black interior. I wouldn't ever go in a tunnel in LA area due to it being earthquake country. The concept is awesome though. Interesting story about the autonomous EV container vessel.Model 3 in forest green....but it won't happen sadly.My Tesla is green. :PThe electric container ship - you said all the traffic it will take off the roads.......that means many truck drivers now unemployed. Do ALL the research before shooting your mouths off.United States of America=Imperial...not metric...Thanks.Why don't you just use the calenderweek instead of clumsy Episode numbers?
(Just an idea)With the e.Go I would also want to know about safety. A city car sounds great that gets fantastic mileage. BUT most are small and very unsafe compared to larger vehicles.another excellent report
prediction: Boring will end up on the Elon scrap heap of bad ideas along with battery swapping, charging snakes, etc.  He will soon realize that large, autonomous electric drones will be a much better way to move cars over traffic.  Tunnels will just back up like they already do--think Lincoln tunnel.  No holes necessary with drones.did you just say beheaded?don't bit against Elon Musklive the show, I'm from Wv,USAAnother great video !! Thanks for the update.  I follow Tesla pretty closely but for those that don't you give a good overview of what is happening. Thanks for some more detailed info as well !!  July can't get here fast enough huh !!!!!At 8.15 in the video - simpler smaller cheaper etc - a 'model 3 Ford' of the Tesla EV world?!  And around 10:30 the 12V DC rebellion - good for Elon.  Here's what's interesting about what you said that the wiring harnesses are long.  You seem a knowledgeable guy, so you and others probably already know, the reason that overhead power lines for mains domestic electricity run at high voltages and AC current, is because it wastes a lot less energy as heat.  Now, given the kilometres of cabling, it actually makes sense not to use a low voltage, high current DC for this stuff?  Yes?  Interestingly, the wiring harness being massively shortened, suggests this is a great idea yet at the same time, not really necessary with 'just' 100 metres of wiring harness?  So, we deduce, maybe, that the method used to obviate all that lovely copper cored wire, is only able to carry low currents.  That suggests, spray-on or printed circuits, and/or bluetooth or similar, or let's face it, 'induction' of some sort to save wiring at all at the vehicle extremities.  IE you have say the rear nearside light cluster, it has its own rechargeable battery, and it has a close contact but critically no actual physical connection, with the car power source for the utilities like lights.  So, with a built-in bluetooth connection, and a little computer/control circuit, you can do without the power having to run around cables for signal, tail, etc, because maybe either bluetooth or a signal pumped through the induction circuit using the power as a carrier wave, tells the tail cluster which function to do and how long for.  This, would be the original thinking I hope and wish from Musk and his men and women.  Go Elon go.  We have been waiting for you so long...! Driving down to LA from Bay Area yesterday, I saw two 18 wheel trailers packed with Model 3s heading south on Highway 5 towards LA. Until I saw these cars, I didn't believe there was much chance I could get one  this year, but now I have higher hopes.Exciting stuffFirst of all, I have been perusing a lot of Model 3 Videos on youtube and find yours to be more information-based and enjoy watching you guys and hope you keep it up. I do have Model 3 reservation myself.  I am still learning the ins and outs of the EV industry and self-driving technologies in cars nowadays.   My question is what are the different levels of autonomy when it comes to self-driving cars?   What are those differences in those levels?How there is a model 3 owners club if this model is still to be launched ? :)I'm so psyched to see how well Tesla are doing behind the scenes.In regards to pricing.  Not to sound naive or anything but when I hear that $80k-$100 for a Model S or higher for the Model X, those prices aren't cheap for the average consumer that wants to invest in a Tesla let alone any electric car.   Also,  since I am  hoping to receive a Model 3 when it does come out,  how is Tesla addressing the issue with trading in costs traditional gas powered cars to help offset the cost of the new Tesla?It's funny how you call him Elon like he's your buddy...Justin that was sooooo cool you adding Trevor as your +1  for the model 3 Shareholders event. Peace and Blessing! Trevor enjoy, you deserve it. Great Job!!!Loved the drone shotsModel S3XY huh? love it!  any word on the Dual motor model 3's coming into production by years end so we can still take advantage of the credit as well?Model Y Looks really cuteSo, they are not releasing the S3 model until Spring of 2018? I thought when we made the reservation they said by Fall of 2017Technobuffalo says in their latest video that the M3 will have a real range of 180 miles. Really? Do we believe that Tesla will allow the M3 to be second to the Chevy Bolt?Tesla model ;-)) S#XY :-)) SEXYThank you for making a precis of the info, ta much from UK.WHEN is the general public aloowed to purchase individual 2170 tesla/panasonic battery cells? at this point i feel like the battery cells are just fiction.elon musk is S 3 X Yis Tesla affiliate with Costco price & $ 7500 credit work thanksAwesome car. next time get someone other than MJ Fox to shoot the video.Engine sounds mean around 0:52 Great spy clip, love this car!I saw a model 3 yesterday in Chicago, but I had a passenger in the car so I couldn't bust a U-turn saddest night of my life. It was gone as soon as I went back I think I saw BigfootNow this is what I call a spy.Red is bestThis video is terrible quality.  Looks like the photag has the shakes.  Buy a tripod or something man!You only had one job! Damn, that camera man...didn't know car spotting was a thing.i wonder if tesla didn't cut the grass on purpose lol."Tesla sells it's cars at a loss" no they don't. gross margin on the cars is around 28%As long as EV depreciation PER MILE is more than the cost of fuel for ICE, EVs will not be any main stream viable competitor to Trucks, Vans and SUVs.Chevy bolt doesn't sell because it's not sexy. auto makers need to change the bodies of these ugly EVs like the bolt, leaf etc more like the sleek sedan of Tesla. how about a rwd coupe?Great presentation. So informative!I did put money down and I think first 100-150k people will get full $7.5k refundI have put down the $1000. for the model 3. To me it does not matter if I don't get the $7500. I drive a Prius plug in and the experience has been wonderful. I sold a 98 escort and 2005 highlander to get my prius, I went from spending $300 a month in fuel plus the extra car insurance payment to $35 a month for fuel and about $40 a month for charging the car. 1000k miles on the car now (it is a 2012) haven't changed anything on the car other than tires, payed 42k for it so paying that for a full EV does not worry me. Most of my driving is within 20 miles and while the charging network improves I will continue to use my Prius Plug in for long trips.I made two reservations the very first day in the morning, and I am very glad I did. Now I can buy an early model 3 and a performance version when it comes out.I own a Model S and built an Electric 1974 VW thing.  I also have a Model 3 reservation...

The Model S is the best car I have ever owned...I wasn't ready to order one, but @300,000 preorders, the ability of them to meet demand for this vehicle makes it a GREAT option for a quick flip at a HUGE profit.  I think $7500 will turn out to be chicken feed in the end.Love the EV videos! Keep up the good work!Not me, but a mate has a down payment on a Tesla 3; he's driving a Nissan Leaf during the wait.Tesla allows full refund for reservations because it hypes the number for their stock price. Should be illegal but whateverThe 7,500$ taxes credit goes to Tesla only and not to the buyers at all.  It is a leurre. The money we save is not a gain. JUst think about that if you still can.The Bolt is the same as a Model 3. What! These guys are idiots!Very interesting stuff.  Thx.can't wait for my Model 3if you make less than 45k a year...you will NOT get any rebate from the Fed. Govwhy you hate tesla so much?you say the chevy bolt match the model 3, but can you take the chevy bolt on a road trip?A little too much of a Tesla apologist. Why shouldn't Tesla get the same scrutiny as other car makers?Can you use a referral code for a Tesla Model 3?Clarification: Length of the model 3 is 184.8 inches and not 184.1  I should really wear my glasses when I edit videos :)Could you explain the chargers a bit in a video? Does that mean to charge my Model 3, I have to get a Tesla wall charger? There is an EV charging station at my apartment complex. Will this not work with my Model 3?Elon has Previously stated that Model 3 will be steel body, though that doesn't mean it ended up that wayGreat News! But do you think there will be only RWD? Didn´t we have the FWD at the reveal Model3s? I think we will see a FWD option in 2018. Maybe less colour optionsHi Trevor. A huge THANK YOU for the videos and information you provide as you dissect the available Model 3 information. I have a couple of generalized questions for you to consider on your forthcoming  Factory Visit. What is your initial impression of the Exterior size of the Model 3. Is it Larger, Smaller, or about what you expected to see. Maybe you can find out all the dimensions. Regarding the interior, we know from the reveal videos that there is ample headroom but what about elbow and leg room for the rear passengers? Does it feel spacious? Will the car seat 5 adults comfortable for a long trip? Some people think the car is about 90 % the size of a model S and Tesla employees have told me it is 75%. Wherein is the truth?  Also, your take on the look and the quality of materials of the interior. Shortly after the reveal you called the car a "STUNNER". After seeing the car in person Do you still feel this way? It would be great if you could find out whether anyone has configured yet? Thanks and keep feeding us the juicy tidbits. Ron K.I hope you don't mind one more suggestion. Take along a small magnet to see what parts are not steel.I just want a normal binnacle gauge cluster..... Well I won't be early adopting anyways so maybe it'll be an option by the time I'm actually back in the states again and looking to buy.If the Model 3 doesn't have AWD, I'll officially dub this car trash tier.LReally enjoy your intro sound. Especially when I listen to these videos in my car. Dreaming of my EV.Thank youThanks for keeping us updated.  Well done.  I'm really excited!Trevor, is your Model 3 on order your first Tesla?Will model 3 be able to pull a trailer?an bmw or Audi A4 doesn't over heat and slow down u can't compare the twoinformative video, but please include metric numbers next time.is there​ a battery  degradation warrantylol your measuring a super high tech new car with inches ....oh dear50K, I'm going for all the autopilot add ons, and the sunglass roof (tbh this is bc I hate carpet in cars bc I get allergies, so the less the better imo) and then I want a different color than just black. For my second car it's totally gonna be an upgradeBen don't talk about tesla S like me our million people can't  afford tesla S .is good to talk about tesla 3Could you move your little box I don't need to watch you talkHey man I love your videos they're so helpful and informative! I wanted to ask about the tesla battery. How long does it last? After a certain amount of time do you have to change it??Hey my friend. I have a request for you. Here comes the story. My sister needs to get a car because her RAV4 is 10 years old and it starting to give her problems. I told her to look inn the Model 3 because we all know it's the way to go. I've been showing her videos to help her with her research and I found this one that is very good that shows the difference between new and used cars but I haven't found a good ICE car vs EV car. Here's the video. 

https://youtu.be/I4ArgsnpYCw

Would you be interested to make one like this? I know you made some about Tesla ownership cost but I think one like the one above would help a lot of people. Thank you.Hi Ben. I am one of the 4 reservation holders in Portugal that filled the "Budget" question on model3tracker.info. In fact it is my record that is messing up the median!
What happens is that if you choose "Undecided" on the question about the battery size  then the model3tracker will only consider the cost of the options!
When you process the data from model3tracker.info you should also look at the column "Battery", and if is marked as "Undecided" you should discard that record.

Hope it helps to make better estimates.Hi, 
At 2:50, for roof option I saw solar. Does that mean solar panel?Holy crap this video is boring to watch. If I want to learn about a website I can just go to the website and, like, RTFM. *facepalm*I suspect some are entering a budget including tax rebates... :/  Here in Ontario, I'm eligible for a 14 000$ rebate. The budget # is most likely inconsistent in this wayI suspect that many of the early reservations were placed with the idea that they would get the Model 3 for 36K less the $7500 tax credit.  And when they realize that this is not the case they will not be able to afford the average 42K price with no tax credit.  They may back out of their reservation,  OR I can imagine a market where someone sells their early spot for a fee on some bidding website to someone with the money and is unwilling to waitI think you are pretty much on the money with your estimate of how much these are going to be. The sad thing is most of the people getting a Model 3 will either lease it or take out a 7-8 year loan..which means they really can't actually afford it and shouldn't get one. I bet half of the deposit placers put it on a credit card and haven't even paid the deposit off yet. While they may be able to float it from a cash flow standpoint, it is still an expensive depreciating asset.In Portugal, you are guessing it right! We are under crisis here, we are only less than 10 million people there and with the lowest european pay per capita, count on that all right!!!Is the 1k off a tesla only avslible in the us?Looks like you got a nice shout out from Electrek today! Congrats!  https://electrek.co/2017/04/06/tesla-model-3-average-sale-price-data/Sorry to say, but the Tesla 3 is still way too much expensive to be considered a car for the masses.

Typically the majority of people buy used cars, as they can't afford new ones to begin with. The typical budget is some 20.000€ spread over a period of five to six years, and that's the statistics for Germany I mind you, where people are crazy about their cars.

So yeah, the price for a out-of-the-factory Tesla 3 needs to come down to atleast 25.000€ to be of any interest for the mass-market. Otherwise it'll be a novelty-car like the Tesla S.The biggest problem with this, is that tax is NOT included. In Europe, tax must be included in the advertised price and it is around 20%. That means that a car in Europe will be 7-10k USD more expensive, which changes your results quite a bit. Expect a model 3 to easily hit $60k+ in Europe.The pricing on model3tracker.info is ludicrously low.  The tracker says my configuration will cost $49,100, I'm expecting the same configuration to cost $57,000.  I'm curious how budgets would change with more realistic estimates of the option prices.i can not log in to the website, I have created my account and I have verify it but still can not logininteresting to see what you get for 35 grand. I wonder if tires are included with that price. @ morons who 'reserve' a car that isn't even in the market yet. Who spends $35,000 US (GUARANTEED the price will be much higher once it gets into the market) on a vehicle they have never seen, or test-driven. I am staggered that such people exist. I could visit my neighbourhood GM dealer, test-drive a Chevy Bolt EV, review the entire car, pick the model I want, and be driving it the same day, knowing exactly what it is I bought. So dumb these Tesla people. Even worse, these analytics are based upon the Tesla Model S, a $90,000 US vehicle owned by the rich. Hey, to those who 'reserved' their Model 3, say 'duh?' for me. 25000th subscriber! yay!32:00 I haven't seen a single person who put 200k-300k miles on a NEW car, that is crazy. Nowadays if someone buys a NEW car, he usually sells it after 50k miles, or maximum of 80 probably. I personally change car every 3 years and that is usually 30-35k miles. ICE cars degrade fast and technology becomes outdated too. With Tesla it will even be more noticeable as they are continuously improving cars. 10 years of 1 car ownership is quite crazy...Bose in the past did a car suspension system, it never get to market, because at the time, it was extremely expensiveElon said at one point that the Model 3 body would be steel. Aluminum is more expensive than steel. 

The size of the Model 3 is 20% less than the Model S (not 10%).

There is a Tesla patent for a hood safety feature. See https://www.google.com/patents/US8807637 They bend the flange of the frunk at a 45 degree angle so that it will collapse in the event of a collision that presses down on the hood. This gives about 25 mm of additional deflection to absorb the impact of a pedestrian. This is a Tesla patent and in all likelihood is used on all Teslas.

Also referenced is U.S. Pat. No. 8,118,352, which discloses a hood liner that stiffens the hood along its periphery. Within the liner is a hollow portion with a weakened bottom or side wall. During impact the weakened wall breaks, allowing deflection of the hood and reduced impact force. This is not a Tesla patent and I don't know if Tesla implements it.

Another referenced patent is U.S. Pat. No. 7,303,040, which discloses an active hood system that is designed to minimize impact force by moving the vehicle hood into an elevated position within 15 to 30 milliseconds of the detection of a collision or an accident between a pedestrian and the vehicle. By elevating the hood, the distance between the hood and the pedestrian is lessened, resulting in a lower impact force. This is not a Tesla patent, but someone running their Tesla into a kangaroo found that their hood popped up as per the patent, so Tesla does implement this, at least in markets where it is mandated, such as Australia.

There is also U.S. Pat. No. 5,988,305, which discloses an alternate method of minimizing the severity of head impact injuries in pedestrian/vehicle accidents, the disclosed approach utilizing a hood panel that is designed to absorb impact energy at an ideal rate. A variety of hood panel designs are disclosed, each of which includes an outer panel and an absorber mounted beneath the panel that is designed to absorb the impact energy during panel deformation. This is a Nissan Motors patent. It most closely resembles the "soft spot" method described in the video, but I don't know if Tesla implements it.Great job. Glad to see Bokor again! Thought he had gotten a real job and we had lost him! Hey guys, could you please describe in detail how Tesla currently fixes their cars? I'm in upstate NY and the closest Tesla repair center is in New Jersey. 
I read the model s forums and see people are waiting months to get their car back. 
If you could go over the repair service, warranty, and who is responsible for flat bedding the car to a repair shop. 
My concern is I have a problem with my M3 and Tesla is overwhelmed with multiple repairs across the country and I fall into a que of waiting....
ThanksI'm aware that Model 3 reservation holders who live in California can receive their Model 3 first. I live in Texas. Is it possible for me to set my destination to California so I can just pick it up or ship it myself?I'm not holding my breath for this but how amazing would it be for day 1 reservation holders to get a free upgrade to full autonomy when it eventually arrives (given that all Teslas now come with full autonomy hardware as standard). It technically wouldn't cost Tesla anything to do this initially, but yes they would miss out on the additional profit of the software upgrade from this group. Knowing how Elon likes to do big bold things I wouldn't put it past him to do something bigger than just a special color or badge. Again, not holding my breath but excited nonetheless.Jordan is hardly an oil rich country, btw.  I think they import all, or nearly all, of their petroleum.  Sorry if this is a repeat and, regardless of small mistakes , I do enjoy the show.Just spotted the white one this morning on Skyline blvd near San Bruno headed south.Model 3 known facts:
0.21cd being way better than the Bolt.
Base model will have less than 60 kWh pack.
Minimum 215 miles EPA range.. EM quoted on the night of the 2016 reveal "we hope to exceed these minimum figures".  Since the Bolt was rated at 238 EPA range EM responded to the tweet "Will model 3 have more range than the Bolt" with this "Oh yea of little faith"!

Despite Teslarati announcing base 60 kWh pack, I expect a 55 kWh pack and 240+ EPA range.On a side note, Jordan is not an oil rich country, quite the opposite actually. Jordan is more of a regional high tech hub that is pretty much completely dependent on oil import (so high gas prices) and thus the EV needPlease don't change a thing, keep video lengths flexible. Why the rush. Help us chew the info. The rushers can watch something else. I love the way they provide the info, back and forth, highlights then more info. refine what you guys are already doing. You have something already, You don't have to be like the other tom,dick and harry-sShort Question: I finaly decided to reverve my Model 3, but it was June 3th, has anyone an idea at what point im in the reservation list? (i know im late :D)Signature red spotted in Monterey, CA over the Memorial Day Weekend!!!, noticed also in spy  photos that some of the release candidates have numbers on the rear driver side window, Signature Red one has the number 55.  From Electrek:
https://electrek.co/2017/05/30/tesla-model-3-colors-2/#jp-carousel-44980The transition to​ Mailbag Time screams out for a sound effect -- especially since it has its own logo (graphic)!.Trevor, It appears you were taken for a SUCKER at  the TESLA Model 3 event. There was no new or special information that you received that wasn't already known to the public. You got suckered in to pay for the trip and all you got was a cardboard copy, one of ten thousand others printed, of a  drawing of the original Model S. Aren't you a little mad?Will I be able to use all of the smaller  chargers like at Kohl's or some store how do those workhi guys... very cool YouTube Channel congratulations keep goin... i am curious how you think a new model 3 car battery will phisicaly last in years on... and for how long will the motherhouse keep updating m3 software??there was a signature red model 3 spotted out in the wild. odds are that'll be an option. they wouldn't bring one out and say it won't be an option. that's the color i will be getting.@nowyouknowClick bait bullshit, they are doing tests.Go Tesla, Elon & Team! <3Hi Andrew, needed to take a screen-shot from the video of the wheels for a post featuring your video with credits... is it Ok?Huge amount of new 3 footage, from different angles. Excellent work!I love to hear the sound of gas engines struggling to keep up with electrics.Is that a new wheel design?It didn't look broken down.  Just looks like product development work.It has got a rear Motor. You know that, ha?Looks like it's testing autopilot, or maybe some sort of multi-Tesla vehicle communication (Model S following) on the track.  Just my opinion because otherwise, the driver is really having trouble judging enter/exit speeds on corners at the track.

Great to sneak those shots, but wow, the camera work was pretty rough :)Might not be a breakdown.  It possible they're tweaking/testing the battery low state-of-charge cutoff, basically testing the range.  And the "tools" that they brought were to bypass the software lockout so they could drive it away afterwards.
Dunno how likely that is, but hey.STALKERS - hahahahaStupid. There is no engine there but an electric motor.Tesla paparazzi !That area where you went is the old Solyndra factory. Tesla has part of their battery operation over there, IIRC.That is a really nice looking car.The line just at the corner of the back lights looks sooo good! lots of great angles! Glad he didn't get pissed off you were following him.Time to fix bugs before launch.Wow! Nice compilation!hi, used your link with id in a post linking here, hope it's OK, if it's not OK I'll take it down, here https://ontheroadwithtesla.wordpress.com/2017/06/03/tesla-model-3-spy/ congrats on this great footage0:40 * What changes are being made to address worker safety?
2:30 * What do you think of AAA Southern California's increase in Tesla insurance premiums?
5:03 * Will Tesla offer a package deal for the purchase of a solar roof/power wall + Tesla car?
6:03 * Any update on new Directors that you're planning to add to the Board?
6:42 * Any insights on the audio system?
7:22 * Plans for service centers and mobile repairs for Model 3?
7:40 * How will you handle the Model 3 rollout in states without direct sales?
8:52 * What's Elon do for relaxing after work? Sports? Music? Movies? Work more?
10:54 * Are you expecting a totally new plant to be built for the Model Y?
12:35 * How do you allocate your time across your different companies?10-11 hours of work per shift? That's horrible. That's great for you, if you are a workaholic and can work 100h/week, but not all positions are that interesting, you know.2:40 - This feels like a stand up routine hahah. With the blank background and him just with a mic and his timing of the joke. Elon should do standup lol.Aviation found out quite a while ago that fatigue hurts, costs and kills. Please go and look for examples there. We've learned things the hard way.Could you link us to part 1, which seems difficult to find. Thanks for posting!Hey buddy , THANX A lot beacuse i didnt find this videos any where else... Keep uploadingHey buddy , THANX A lot because i didnt find this videos any where else... keep uploadingHopefully the Gigafactory will be a game changer.I actually made myself a popcorn for this 4 part video.If they have no parking space why haven't they just built multi storey car parking!?So Tesla would not be the best cars to carry out a terrorist hit and run? Bad joke? lolTesla Insurance and Tesla Finance would make a difference for Tesla product owners.Toyota quit the Fremont factory because they couldn't sell enough cars to justify that much space ... now it's too small for Tesla (6000 people on the production floor) ... and yet the US Government focuses on ... oil, gas and coal ... fossil fools ...What's his "boring company" that he discussed? (The small one with little amount of staff)he looks quite burned outjust want to say something about the insurance thing. could it be possible that insurance is going up on Tesla owners because they dont want you to buy one? the rate of accidents are going to decrease because of autonomous driving.lex luther was smart too.. and hes still a rich felon too ahahah
maddox  only stole 1 billion..
elons up to about 100 billion..
maddx only used one shell company..
elon uses a dozen worldwide..
maddox only screwed poor americsns..
elon screws everyone worldwide..
impressivetesla is good car but is for the Rich people only .thanks for the postA front wheel drive whould make much more sense.CIA can kill us with autonomous cars soooo no thank you #vault7Coming up on one year since I stood in line to place my pre-order.  It would really be great to finally know the option list on the 3, and pricing.  It would also be nice to know if and when Tesla dealerships are going to get a Model 3 (as at least a display model).Did you cancel you 3 reservation when you got the S and I never saw a video explaining why you chose to get the S instead of wait for the 3.Everyone is ALL WRONG about the Model 3. Musk never promised a HUD, that's just feature envy and conjecture from the foolish public. You don't need it to drive the car; the demo vehicles at the stockholder's announcement had all the stuff you need on the central display. Is everyone missing that the Model 3 is the BUDGET CAR from Tesla? Another display means MO' MONEY. If you want the fancy stuff, get an S or an X.I am disappointed that the front changed. I loved the snub look. It's so different from anything else and I liked that.I am not disappointed in the lack of features off of the bat. I expected it. I just think they were not clear enough from the start that only lower end versions will be available at start.I don't want HUD. Nor speedo.I lik3 th3 simpl3 look. I will lov3 th3 Model 3I think plenty of people will cancel orders because when you have to fork over the cash you will not want to compromise especially because you can get a lot of those features on an ICE car for less and don't have to worry about changing.I will go with the RWD.  I don't have the money to get more.  With the damn exchange rate this car will cost me around 47,000$ canadian dollar.
I expect to get the car before Christmas.  (I reserved in store on March 31 2016).Just an opinion, honestly why is TESLA not offering to allow Automotive journalists the opportunity to view and assess the Model 3? Even if the Model 3 is sold out of cars for the next 2 years and are on the back-order's to be filled first. TESLA still need to apprise the rest of the world regarding the car that WILL change the way we all look at transportation. TESLA did this with the Model S while the car was still in pre-production mode and it sold Outstandingly well as an entry offering from the then fledgling company. 

GM even with the Chevy Bolt allowed the automotive magazine's to look and get a feel for the car before it hit the market. I am still pondering the reason that GM built such a dorky looking vehicle (The Chevrolet Bolt) when in the 1990's it built such a futuristic looking EV1 car that inspired many to question why they killed the electric car movement before it could even look at an economy of scale to produce them cost effectively. The need for sustainable energy is even moreso apparent now than back then, GM could have had a massive impact on the world back then, but chose to not be innovators.No dual motor at launch? No big deal, we in Australia need to wait additional 3 years maybe anyway...Officer, I was going 77 in 35 MPH zone?  I can explain, I own a Model 3, and we don't have a Heads up DisplayThat's all we need, yet another Tesla fanboy shill channelThe MODEL T was available in any colour people wanted as long as that colour was black.US incentives take 6 months to drop after the limit is reached. No HUD will not be big.Big battery is also no big issue.AWD AND PERFORMANCE will take a,while so others can be made on time. I'LL BE GLAD TO TAKE A BASIC 3.lack of instrument cluster on the dashboard will be model 3's greatest failure !!

it would be really sad to see a beautiful car  destroyed by sheer arrogance by Tesla by not heeding the customers !!

with out instrument cluster, dashboard looks like BS*** !!! the Base model 3 has a 60kwh battery pack. elon also said that model 3 will go further than the bolt.yuuuge sadness over the interior so bloody boooring and now no HUD??  Leon say it aint so--All the Tesla - u tube folks in one place ! CoolAn entire video about nothing for a few seconds at the end of Tesla doing a circle...Funny to see Zac and JessieGlad to see you had such a good time!  I saw you in a couple of the other guy's videos too!I don't like the lips on the front of the car looks oddI love when people press the crosswalk button. IT doesn't actually do anything most of the time. People in cities would complain lights took so long. so the government invented the crosswalk button.  you hit it and magically the light changes. Except that was false in many scenarios. The button is actually the placebo effect. The signal is going to change at some point. If you hit the button and it changes soon then you say it was because of the button. When in actuality it was just the normal change time. There are some that work, but the majority don't. This is extremely noticeable in NYC.I think it's more of a midsize car. Sometimes it looks as big.Thanks RoosterTeeth.That first section made me dizzy!The comforte will never match bmw x5 or volvo cars. The seats in volvo xc90 are 1000 times better. The back seats of tesla is shitti, paying over 100 000$ is crazy.The fascia of the car is the most beautiful part, glad they did not change it.Thx for the video and I like this vlog style you tried, good to mix it up, do more of these pls!Trev, Did they make you sign an NDA?Trev, as I drive around this fair province of ours, it occurs to me.  Where are all the electric cars?  There are so many hot looking new models on the road today.  The Cruise, the Focus and the Fusion, Hyundais Elantra.  Even the Accent is a great looking "hot hatch" (as top gear loves to call them).  The list goes on.  Honestly, if GM, Ford etc.... could make a 200+ mile all electric at a reasonable price there's be a ton of pure EV's on the road.  If any of the auto makers had any real foresight they'd be talking to Elon and Tesla would be making profits RIGHT NOW!Were those Tesla shoes?  Nice!Where can I see the shots taken by the guy with the nikon at the end? Great vid!Wow, City of Fremont needs to get their weed abatement under control. Our deadline is June 1...... it's first season in Cali!You have to understand how boring it is to walk up around a major highway and industrial building, pushing crosswalk buttons. Lol the desert is boring, no wonder it's inhabitants are so drab personably!You sir just earned a subscriber. Nice videookaY, so...where is the Factory Tour ?14:53 - The man behind the camera! :) This was easily my favorite episode of your show. Really enjoyed seeing the behind the scenes footage with you and my other favorite YouTubers. Great job!All the youtube channels i watch where there. Are you all sponsored/ paid by/ or get a free or part paid Tesla? It just seams to me to be to big a coincidence that you all are atTesla?Another great video!  Enjoyed it very much.Another great video! Excellent job covering your gathering.Do you live in A estateGreat video! Keep producing quality tesla / tech content :)Great vlog, Kim! Great tour of Ben's old stomping grounds.Hi! Do you know if it's possible to buy the Model X without the shiny cover of the seats? (like the one in the video)I love how upbeat and positive you guys are! Keep up the great Videos! :)I saw in a video your homelink and there was garage and front gateKim, if you dont mind telling me, I currently have a model s, but want to upgrade to 3, i dont have a reservation yet. How much smaller is the model 3 than the s, from the picture at the end, it looked tiny!So jealous!!!! I wanna go!Thank you for taking us along to your amazing journey ! The New model x ?!?!Was that big #SushmaSwaraj trending at 6:50You guys are all awesome. Watch em every dayYou're getting some great shots. Can you describe your camera setup in more detail? What kind of mic are you using too?best episode you have EVER DONE!!!  beautiful flow, full of content, this should be a tv show!! congratsnot sure how much of a view of model 3 you got, or what you're able to say due to the NDA. however did you get a chance too look at a model 3 from a family's point of view? How's the backseat for kids? USB, drink holders, ease for car seats.. ect.  and do you think the interior is kid tough?
would love an X, but way out of my price range.. may hold out for Y, but not sure.teslaholic anonymousGood show, thanks Ken and Trev.Great Live presentation Guys ...  I have a question that came up with another Model 3 information youtube .. forgot the name .. but they mentioned that the "Autopilot" was a "Subscription" item .. yearly fee ..??  Please tell me that is not the case..!!
Thank YouGreat show guys!  For some reason, the *Mad Hungarian's EVOLVEwear* shirts remind me of the end title sequence to the television show _'SPEED RACER'_...  I may have to get all four...Hey Guys, thank you for all that you do. I just recently ordered a model 3 shirt from the website to show my appreciation and to represent of course. I had a quick question though. You know how the autopilot data in the model S shows the lane markings,  the traffic nearby and the blue steering wheel to let you know when autopilot is available, have you'll seen any images of this functionality on the Model 3 center screen? I think that information is very important especially since autopilot can't be used in all cases at the moment.Hey guys do you know Tesla after removing the 60 Kw h batteries also No offer any more the Smart Air Suspension and the full aluminum Roof on the Model S  ( you know why , any idea ? )I know a lot of people (based on comments and such I've seen online) were really hoping for the Tesla moustache on the Model 3. I even saw a photoshop rendering of it. Personally, I'd glad they didn't include it. I love the front of the Model S and X, but for this car I think it looks much better and more unique without the moustache.I'll wait for a dual model Y . Should be a nice upgrade and a roomier cabin Regarding the roof of the Model 3: I first thought it'd be regular metal, but lately I've been hearing that all-glass will be standard. Specially now that the standard model S comes with all-glass roof. Thoughts?Saw blue one yesterday on Hwy 37 & Lakeville!!Thank you for all the updatesThank you for the infoThanks for the updates. You guys are doing great!The question at the end of the video gave me an idea. For those that are interested  I just used the standard American license plate size and pictures of the trunk open to estimate the size of the trunk opening.  I calculate ~42 inches width on the opening.   Seems reasonable since the BMW 3 series has a 38 3/4 inch opening.Trevor, Kenneth and Mad Hungarian: Thanks, all, for the information you've offered.  It looks like a busy day here!Trevor, you mentioned on the show about the new wheels that the release candidate cars have. Do you know if Tesla will include the wheels for production from the red shell car at the Gigafactory? I really like those wheels!Voice commands via steering wheel mic is technically spaceship-like controls. Think Star Trek. This is in support of your comment at around 36 minute mark in the video. Thanks and keep up the great work!Why do they test in Palo Alto instead of the other side of the bay where the Fremont factory is located?how about a timelinei want a tesla but i live in africa namibia and i think that if they will expand to southern africa it will be great but the question remains how long will it take for tesla to be in my part of the world perhaps you can get that answer for my thanxHow tha hell did you find it ? WOW !whats the price level starting out?Dem panel gapsHello idiots, how do you feel paying 35 k for a TV ;)
And how do you feel knowing Tesla use its workers like slaves?!
... and guess what - you won't save the planet with that shit!I was so ready to preorder one, but the boot killed it fot me. What I would have wanted is something with the capacity between a VW Golf and a Audi A4. Everything else like the dashboard I don't really careLooks like a Porsche mixt with a Peugeot-Renault, stranges design. An IPad bad fixt on the dashboard, although strange. :-):-)Still no hatchback...FAIL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Vive le revolution!What is the name of the song playing?crap interiorit looks a bit dorky to be honest but it might be the best most people can afford.looks like a vwwhat an incredible achievement I am in awewhy no dashboard ??0:16 , 1:19 , 0:08Hahaha. nice joke wsj.I like Tesla but I'll dislike the video anyway because it's WSJMission E Porsche Will Kill this Mark my wordNot even 200 views ... you are pathetic.Tesla will change the worldTesla will only live to expectations if it can produce enough cars. How tf does a company that produces 100x less cars per week is worth more than one that does. What a bubblebooo to wall streetdowned because it's WSJI am with AAA insurance in California.  Do you guys know of a possibly cheaper insurance company for me to go with who will have my back if I get in an accident or submit a claim?I hope the 'wheels and paint' comment by Elon was a bit of hyperbole. Not being able to pick interior color would really be restrictive! I bet there are a few more choices available even to start.Love your perspective on Tesla. The main reason people want to pay for Spotify is really portability. I want to have my music with me. Especially in my Tesla! With nice UI and voice searchability!My wife and I go in for an appointment on Friday to spec out our Model S.  I wanted to tell you thank you for your videos and if we do end up purchasing we will use your referral code.  It will be a few weeks until we pull the trigger on buying, but I wanted to tell you thank you for the updates over time with everything going on with these cars.Obviously the RC's are crap or they would have let people actually see them... not just at a 50 yard distance.Thank You!The NEW software is for old and new tesla? No The fusion reactor in the frunk thing was a joke from him hehe.Trump is Beheind and the old cars companis like MGWhat date in July?You do really good videos on new stuff. How about one on forward view camera that shows the parking curbs clearance for us with coil suspensions..You're hot man.I love you videos so much more since you decided to make them last longer than a minute. Thank you for your great efforts :DPlease invest in a rode n1 mic. would take your channel to another planet (haha spacex ref) https://www.amazon.com/Rode-NT1A-Anniversary-Condenser-Microphone/dp/B002QAUOKSQuestion for viewers: are you going to get the new Model 3, if so when?

Suggestion: Don't forget to check out the latest Tesla tips, blog and discussions at: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXAbfWOvf5Yt5zlIeLcyeiesEx7MPs-z4Shop around for insurance and compare prices.
Prices vary.Tsla up to $357 DAMNN dude embrace for hate haha.can i please have your to advertise to passers by that your is worth breaking have any i like it i want it it is expensive you can send one you want my is is kids x i like to see the want this of how much my petrol is better shit remote controlled now i in the weird of again in the middle of a night k ll strap a bomb one of those little drive it to e legal guys amazing i usually drive alone i need new friends it s not broken t fix it that s hot like our planet t count one thing being dead now sycophants have one to turn to worship revere without musk this even comes with a bullshit old prophet foretelling his coming in the form of reiterates already well known counter to electric being cleaner than gas is best east accurate video they ever made of a solid series please go back a did it maintained their legendary following credibility how about we take a from garbage energy recently they had to buy garbage from neighbouring countries to i can remember episode of teller s bullshit showtime about years ago i always liked that because they attacked both the left the right you got to that it dealt with who were gathered some of rally the had someone gathering to hydrogen oxide he told those who would listen that it was practically everywhere he managed to gather many in you t know hydrogen oxide is the chemical name water i t like the green episode a of it is a stretch even eating a banana is bad c what you want to starve i m noticing a trend with these videos warning the following statement is a joke while it does have a kernel of truth like all good jokes should it is not meant a political statement the ruined everything d tips roads democracy weed gifts laws except it ruined it insane majority of greenhouse gas emissions come from eastern countries wanna be green buy a crappy used well this the fact that it reduces the demand petrol the demand all other of energy why they so many people defending electric honestly i think they re shit trying to make the world green it s already fucked with can t have this video ends with hypocrisy a the of the energy will be line i feel like his videos have been downing anything good in this world drinking water electric stuff he said buying electric won t save the earth it wont of people buy the electric it will have a big also saying the t help is like saying cops t help people a of assumptions there coal generated electricity only accounts of electricity generating capacity all the co numbers the electric therefore completely flawed this presenter is either is intentionally trying to misinform the viewers i the to know where to start there so many with this the scary thing is the facts seems so the fossil industry can certainly afford to this subtle at least the have picked up some of the you burnt the gasoline in a power to produce electricity you would get about times more your example dumb i argue with much of your statements especially the of renewable energy what the could get over its irrational fears go all in with nuclear power especially in the unlikely event that we can extract more energy from c they can the lithium in though that is a real shot i m glad someone brought up this topic the of the video that it would be a good time now to switching to nuclear power that s where the big co reductions at scale even a few hundred people would die from nuclear everyone fears we would still lose less people to our polluting activity we could subsidies to nuclear you really want a clean make a powered only we can get the necessary research it t the title be is having electric in the really green instead some countries such mostly renewable energy the video has a good this is not true every country people here in our energetic matrix is made greatly of more than of our power besides some people may equip their homes with solar panels in order to provide green energy their the industry may also try to the battery model some hydrogen cell the whole of electric driving is cleaner in the cities at the when commuting my bike i get especially at crossings this is retarded so many reasons this video neglected to talk about the energy needed gasoline including drilling oil transporting oil to refinery refining oil to gasoline transporting gasoline to the other side of the country pumping gasoline finally burning the gasoline why so many dislikes this video he does make sense t he with this kind of reasoning a gasoline is also a coal powered gasoline requires of electricity in in refineries i t have any numbers it is that electric could run some the electricity saved the it does not should be included in this video to make is more accurate maybe that would ruin the is deliberately left out you figured emissions from coal producing electricity conveniently the emissions from pumping oil shipping refining which makes your results nonsensical here is a clue oil refineries run electricity the amount of electricity used to produce a of gasoline would power a typical more more electricity is produced from not green energy constantly falling so end of your beloved ice is matter you like it not i m graduating this year the energetic electric gas was recently a topic in a debate between teachers students we concluded the same electric produce more than any gas the day we won t have coal to burn electricity that is the day electric will be green you burn coal the electricity used by those electric will be anything green compared to gas also gas have a better from into energy movement of the i mean compared to the coal so you re going to tell countries which generate of their energy from renewable to gas powered so it s still better than regular knows where to get the to watch this truly documentary in thanks in advance next can drive it up down the amazing want the a recent graduate of mechanical now dreaming of working him such him is the best innovators to follow i wish when i have enough experience i get to work in apple ford gm i m proud to be we t need foreign technology model vehicle projected some people claim model s can go up to which is great however yrs ago created a vehicle that drove up to this company hardly seems innovative i really wish they named the company they t owning up to s name they re just using it is proof that capitalism does a better at saving the system than any retarded socialist needs to add one more idea to their remarkable develop install generators all wheels so the vehicle can run off its own power without a electrical this would be the ultimate vehicle of time is up to its neck in debt it is not making any money its now going back to the markets even more money its well behind in the amount of it said it to produce within the given time frame looking back its starting to look like yet the market has valued it m more than ford ford did deliver this is a very nice story a very nice now what you going to with all the other petroleum based products your made of you need petroleum based products many of your from components lubricants manufacturing much much more what you going to with the gasoline that comes from the refining process usually people t travel more than per day that is the target we need people like musk to the industry lets write the who s gonna sub to my channel people applaud your own demise this technology is nothing new the more it is released the less the people will have pockets while the majority of the people will be welfare food stamps thank god trump bill gates considering taxing these billionaires with their robotic assembly lines per them to rethink their hiring bias you really think this is a great electric run off battery power just like laptop they often lose their zero which means the capacity will eventually be capped to around the will run out of power by the time you drive around the block now ask yourself how much you willing to spend battery replacements i m it would cost a hell of more than gas drove a customer s s this thing has insane launch i was not expecting that kind of take off i t time myself i went from mph to in what felt just a i see the advantage of not having a gear there is lag this beast just to pick up speed it s fucking awesome where why there women a of china has more electric than the combined probably have a of them too their governments t run by oil companies to reach k per year a faster i hope they succeed because i want a model too they have around k to before i get a will take off much faster then the video expects in a few years will be much better than gas guzzlers in practically every way including price modern internal engines insanely complex therefore very expensive mostly because emissions economy they will never be cheap again because of that electric engines the other hand very cheap battery prices dropping at insane now comfortable charging networks growing exponentially people more more open to those who tried them never look back also some cities may early because of these things demand will explode the k model is a clear sign of this in developed countries a of people buy a new every to years few people drive more than years old ones in any decent country so by t a idea i think it s a pessimistic prediction it could easily be the price of oil is controlled by the by adjusting by invading other oil rich countries prices dropped recently two reasons first they wanted to hurt which depends heavily it s oil export they wanted to down the clean energy revolution by making natural gas a cheaper a good documentary wrong at least one after the s curve takeoff which will result in only about of new being sold the result will be the becoming a oil changing our trade deficits from negative to since the biggest contributor to trade deficits is foreign oil purchases this will be a bigger effect the than any other country in the world since we the only ones that both produce huge quantities of oil also huge quantities the biggest losers in the oil market oil dependent such others thus the biggest side effect is the acceleration of war regime around the world such countries loose their power to effectively bribe their into quiescence just sped up by years so yeah around not sooner oil companies will be feeling the a calculated we get to the k k in the next years them it could be even faster just need that x battery that professor talks about the new liquid battery fast refuel battery solid state battery to work so it s kinda anyway we should start to see the effects by fuck electric fuck modern even modern soulless boring complicated ugly silent small fuck the my is still the greatest most beautiful ever made it will to be unless the great make a comeback fuck safety economy aerodynamics features all that boring crap i only want two things big engine electric green homos real drive real great we bring down world prices which we can in our jetliners to bring down the cost of flying i heard them in that term oil sands oil company pr dept at work sorry it s tar sands we all know the difference between oil tar i live the day that oil demand goes into all the terrorist comes from oil money s of they the ones financing the of mosques world wide teaching their extremes at the they running deficits hopefully this is the turnaround in the era of having money all the subsequent problems of a backward having the resources to spread that in a few years malls will install solar canopies with free charging to attract customers model is the tipping solar panels going down in prices that any open spaces can be to generate electricity with trump dropping mpg every country in the world raising them market is trapped in domestic selling per year now how many per year have to be sold in the market before dig oil crashes burns i m guessing per year in the funny thing that everybody talks about electric they new electric engine efficiency has improved only from the s till now battery technology have been improved by from late s till now the only thing that is different is battery price which is not a problem hyper pricing we should have seen electric hyper in the s i also think that battery prices will be much lower at that time they made in quantities have made the first mass produced electric at that time guess what happened to them they recalled the crushed them somebody want to sell his petrol badly electric were his enemy also electric engines can live years without cooling systems changing oil filters there is one slight i see this when that oil crash would come it would also follow up with a amount of of gasoline same thing that happened in the price really dropped to this gas lines were forming just because of how cheap it was to up the of s exploded the same thing would be again in a oil crash gas would then become very popular again to that slope in operating costs going down what would really be needed is that could convince someone to go electric even in the wake of cheap companies been shafting the people weak countries years now is the there enough this will never happen these psycho whites would a war before they loose power that fast they would literally bomb just to conflict in the strait of even we had oil reserves another years the market would artificially inflate petrol the military t run plug in prices of everyday goods would skyrocket nobody would have spare money to invest into a plugin people would have to deal with oil all of its byproducts these people will make pay it whether we like it not the companies need to go back in time in ford needs to make the replica of the mustang fastback have it be electric mustang easy to find still would be nice to have look like with so many classic the sooner peak oil comes the better humanity this video is hard to post to my takes like electric with a small petrol engine extender generator is the way to go the shown in this is impractical takes up too much space the road to just person electric motorbike would be a better in this does he think about the of the you can t stuff inside it that you want to somewhere that you need a regular you t need to carry much with you there e bikes cool is there a could a kid drive this such a year old electric kick g more power to you love this video enjoyed watching it energy iv got all the energy i could want when the cost is reasonable under can buy new without selling one of the kids can drive at then i ll buy one otherwise i ll with gas i m not against electric i just feel the technology cost just does not make sense to run out get one in the industry has made it so to buy one my retired beer bottle t want your electric trying to them people extreme heavy only we could drive electric with a single pound lead acid battery get out of it wishful thoughts to it is the only way to have a good cheap electric you will have to be able to make your own by one with a gas motor to your now what happens to the when they the name of him their rich peoples novelty killed the electric big oil killed them years story i saw the dick who was chip kid who forgot to pick up his keys so used his app to open it start it then the dick drives off into the country then to take in the view gets back into the could not a the will always be faster more powerful than dirty fossil piece much better than costly would it be to the battery it needs to be replaced after warranty ends i have two leafs they extremely fast the drag they will outrun anything in our our is normally around per after two years i have only raised the hoods wiper fluid it cost almost nothing to my cost is zero because there free chargers everywhere a of malls grocery apartment have free chargers i have not paid to my leafs in two years even i did have to pay the cost is less than two per our lease cost is per month we t have to worry about replacing the because they leased has been zero in two years i know i m in the minority i think the leaf looks form has followed function i think you uploaded the video days m buying a this year cant decide between the bolt with the tax credits of two rebates the other which would help pay this off within yrs i just wish would of made it look better look the my other choice is not a gas saver it s a modded supercharged free money less than mpg i would like to get the bolt my biggest problem with closing the deal to buy is sound i like high end stereo bass systems i have problem putting a up in the with the bolt i m not i can thinking i add a separate cell that might work will the stereo just kill the my last choice i would have to down k to keep the payment at per month is which this is just all the way hands down not i can afford that payment yrs is the so that s why i m having a hard choice my driving is city the rest the leaf a hybrid electric energy out the tailpipe electricity also has to be generated so unless that is done by solar wind water using electric is not at all energy exhaust carbon emission free still e increasingly interesting better the environment number t indirectly fund terrorism with money spent gasoline going to governments billionaires that fund terrorists having taken the plunge there so many advantages that i would find it hard to go back the torque is its not peak at rpm in the leaf the torque is limited at low speeds of the power companies just jacked their prices up by southern by a whopping another green power company have stopped giving away free free charging you one of their you get charged to plug it in one bloke who had a a day trail got charged when he went to the battery cheaper to at they say just your tariff over to yes you can it cheaper your then paying the rest of the electric you to run your power companies know whats coming a program to a smart meter into every property so when the power cuts come they will in the to clean laws regulations power to the suburbs with directed to the government industry when all of the plugged in until battery increases electric not everyone here in the where gas petrol is much more expensive the mpg of a leaf is around using night time electricity so big savings costs anyone needing a to commute trips around town costs very much lower plugs tappets exhaust belts hey hey i love can u things you should never in a electric just curious with a leaf it instantly looses over of its soon it is driven off the so you can get them extremely cheap after people is crappy so it s a really fancy really expensive am i watching somebody that believes a government website that electric wow incredible video it is just astonishing that someone would actually say these things these truths of in way does this sway those who not excited about the potential of electric they will never come around that is perfectly nobody should worry that they will be forced to drive electric seriously t worry about it the leaf is not here to hurt you it is just one i m looking electric i have a postulate that electric with in wheel motor will free wheel unlike one designed with a belt to it simply you can t kick when there is a belt because without power it will feel like molasses in contrast the motor is inside the wheel there is belt you turn the power off you can kick it will feel like a yes you can it you run out of power you have a breakdown it s belt driven i you can disconnect the belt to be able to it without power you might wonder why i m talking about electric vehicle in the form of electric i bought electric bike many years ago just being curious how a little hub motor could actually propel you wow yeah it works since then i ridden many of many different sizes it s all pretty amazing how you a that when the power is out petroleum generators awesome video thanks sharing your over here n sniff my finger i m of a group of postgraduate students from city university in we currently conducting research our assignment electric vehicle the following survey will only take three to complete we would be extremely grateful your we looking electric vehicle owners who currently in excl the our research would greatly benefit from your this subject thank you please that this survey is in com form hate how quiet you want each model of working principals the details of each model features is this guy a is he a with laryngitis he is so totally a with laryngitis perhaps it s because i m using headphones i can hear him just even i remove the headphones have my laptop activate my computer s which goes from to is at which is relatively quiet nice it could be a up maggot they should add sound to this video it could make it more very thorough well done worst ever at the beginning there is nothing worst than listening to someone eat drink slurp their coffee can t hear you the you recorded at is way too low people to hear you i had the same at first then i changed my turned up the it was understand all of this wish a much video that i can watch that will help its explained n a much simpler way yes the weight is increased how safe is a with hydrogen a crash maybe it will be a hydrogen bomb that thing a modern leaf t even get that after a few thousands of battery degradation rheostats a very crude means of speed control you just loosing energy waste great the city outside of that it was useless because the electrical grid t there yet the oil lobbyists took over the electric was dead typical crooked politician scumbags absolutely blown away by this video it s downright shocking that in a time we consider so less advanced where we now there existed a vehicle that does the same electric a modern one how advanced the industry would be it continued to develop electric technology to petrol people should drive these he started to go into one thing that killed the electric the first time around aside from then he proceeded to talk about how the old gas were difficult to start to the crank which would be a problem with gas not electric i was curious about the he never made about what killed the old electric industry i m guessing it would be the cheap gas costs mainly how companies well investors politicians had a big stake in oil i love my fiat e find it more fun to drive even than my previous charged mini it s also fun to have my gas at when i get in the evening i get about of depending how fast i m driving that day can go more than i m about to buy a street legal of this was certainly ahead of his time world s first electric presentation i still say those older had their own personalities they t all poured from the same like today love that old electric to b heck with electric being the why not just make electric people them a tag line ship em off to work i electric could cost the same gas people would snatch them up electric over have a they will be only the wealthy only a not the primary jay you those lights led s you will get more juice from your is the speed controller a rheostat in the motor neither you saying that i need to buy another amazing jay never seen a bell sound in the video had going to the door every seriously quite amazing how ahead of its time would never have thought electric was such old the latest i goes only here in seriously t make any sense what battery tech does that a versus a brand new a quiet will never cease also anyone know why there is a sweet in beetles from were they simply with better quality materials then a higher of to detail is the of seriously in hello i just watched this video night i you today across from the best western by the grapevine thanks again your time see you at the o c t o meet i hate the electric hate this love these they a to insure the problem is the blue book is next to nothing you have to make your policy won t just pay you the blue book in of all of these not that great in the safety department which just adds to higher insurance just not everyone i would love to just a magnetic motor in one of these continuous power with low to start i dreamed about this the work k a is ludicrous the best of the best in electric these days will cost you in at the most the best of vintage campers might cost k putting those together does not equate to more than in so bullshit to that there plenty of that will together a great electric beetle around these guys nuts thank god somebody finally some love into these beautiful classic minibuses t care the unreliability was obvious that surfboard will chop your head off during crash how smart is that pretty dumb very expensive what cooled vehicles need is a bolt in heavy duty speed over drive trans axle that is reasonably priced of you can a speed those getting hard to find cost arm a leg now yeah yeah beetles cool all that what is that the left at awesome you heat them the winter why not the of the wheels solar panels the wind drag with mini to trickle the electric vehicle will take automakers by really they the ones producing them ford fiat all producing electric plug in hybrid how stupid must you be to out a statement like that thumbs down brothers want money want technology they re so sleazy that they would probably anything money this is why you arrest people like this asap so that can flourish they had a choice between heaven earth everyone advanced technology everyone being poor slavery being popular they d ancient technology they d be rich i think they d choose the gluttonous path another disgusting tactic from the their big oil can you upgrade to a camera that interlacing looks thanks cut subsidies electric cut subsidies oil companies heck cut all forms of subsidies sending of to god s sake why earth we sending out tax s halfway around the world what should not be paying anyone anything we should be using that money to re build our crumbling roads electric is the clean the bothers stuck in the past oil is dirty not environmentally friendly people have died over oil it is running out it must be replaced because the world can t sustain this form of go away brothers electric powered bad highly inefficient energy wise because the majority of the energy is squandered moving the big heavy rather than the desired component that is the passenger useful when you re riding in a pound vehicle to a pound human that s crazy extremely energy inefficient now when the vehicle weighs near less than the human it s aerodynamically also because it s at lower speeds like say mph so than it makes sense low mass electric vehicles that electric a less energy also hybrid human powered ideal declaring that you environmentally friendly because you drive a heavy mass electric is like declaring your environmentally friendly because your ft mansion led lighting it also has solar panels you want to be environmentally friendly get a electric assisted bicycle instead a they get efficiency of around when you you will be healthier not end up a sedentary obese heart electric bike electric bicycles less expensive than electric thanks listening fossil in general especially gasoline emit carcinogens the of human electric not electric by that is solar wind wave tidal hydro geothermal ocean current generated power i t think automakers should be worried they can their own electric election fraud in this election is a fraud with a bullet so guess these electric going to be powered by wind not nuclear power you people so later they ll realise there is big money to be made by providing energy then they ll coal mining like a hot potato these people care one thing only money the bros pigs the current is controlled by the i guess the brothers have heard about the in the with the congress being in the hands of the right wing the petroleum industry already receive way more subsidies than the electric industry when a company can make a truck with horsepower of torque with a rigid steel frame carry one then maybe i will till then i ll be coal why is it in videos like this people can t distinguish someone s personal view from their f the brothers m i m buying electric everything you guys great bringing it to light i cant wait tell the brothers go to hell with there tell runs trump bumper stickers baby where they think they will get their electricity from is the i d buy i were bill the environment dangerous lithium which explodes leaves chemicals that hard to deal with only a fools it be is the euro butchered mans is worlds fastest speed electric motors s the best life just only real its times more expensive electric sh ti like that roadster i would like to see a in then i might buy it i thought about getting a model s someday might wait a while find a used one cheap at k new a used model s would be in the k to k price the speed of a model s is at about mph that s is pretty impressive electric i drove the model s abandoned strip i almost got it to it s speed it was a blast driving it i ll go a you look at the world of racing you can see that electric motors outperform any of gas motor in every category all we need is the battery companies to hoarding their advanced we can see the same a larger scale the problem is that neither the battery nor the gas want this to happen it d destroy the sake of oil with access to such powerful lasting the battery companies would also lose money it s basically just human greed that s preventing from moving forward electric motors the small scale produce more power torque than their gas counterparts the time being we t have access to powerful enough to it a sized model model x sorry t in the lineup what about the price i m a should update this video model s does in the model s more hp one can wreck is the is the white answer wars oil other fossil better the environment bitch of shit of shit coal fired generation she not the that despite being by the dirty quality so the the government the government despite were good the planet the by so they get the make even more in the good take dang you so pretty to be honest electric would be a life saver here in where we suffer from in the winter gas burning more electricity than electric when refining oil into gas the oil is heated using electricity which is way more electricity into each than electric can hello u stupid people gas oil gone in years than i will so what u have so say i t know what she was saying i was too busy looking at something else your mpg is equal to in the electric it s definitely green over it s lifetime unless you re comparing it to a cart mpg really translate to l most countries l from what i know so per much of a reference people using l just a little side soon s charging will be solar powered so you t have to worry where they get their electricity lithium t have to be disposed so they should find a way to it this is nothing oil company propaganda i driven only my leaf since may its cost literally nothing to drive i now got it even after months now it still achieves around i drive everywhere i want to go get at the end of the day plug it in to it i t want to pay to it i could just drive down to a charging many free to its only around a month in electricity to it at anyhow it t require gas oil oil filter pump water pump exhaust system belts pulleys power steering pump chain operates the same regardless of outside temperature can be recharged by any electricity solar wind t have a injectors head gasket engine manifold gasket the list goes with the modern wave of soon to hit the market bolt model leaf electrics will become even more commonplace they ll displace petroleum based the primary vehicle the world s roads in the near this video is entirely false you using petrol it only to of the energy from gas wasted heat process of electrical energy lights electronics it emits toxic gasses the other hand only need the battery electric motor to run some units to control using the electrical energy to mechanical energy gives times more powerful than a gas engine the can regenerate power which engine can t the coal power is more than engine because it the waste heat also it has of filtering system that prevents toxic emissions the electricity is generated from solar power other sustainable energy than problem solved emissions the demand capacity increased which will be soon i guess then there will be enough resource to establish more sustainable energy power them to factories to produce moreover the new factory is entirely using sustainable energy resource it s a shame creating such a video to get the from people very poorly researched why you battery powered can only last years then you will need another vehicle which is another story when come to traditional which can last average about t of the you them your talking crap your research batters love how petrol companies pay money to people to make fun of the is not buying is to buying buying things is the of warming rd i t like it please make getting is the rest is only a just wonder it to make a charging you know charging while the is moving so that we t have to wait a time to really liked the the should it in the market the is awesome right now we only really have the title the best word needs to be removed five electric is appropriate some of these not in yet of be wary of the word best when used to anything it implies not published example the model s has to a battery to per hour to its size weight is less than others just saying leaf best selling electric i like jag s i pace it is very is the is the best it s a electric it s affordable it s a real another electric too expensive not so ergonomic like so at the is the best electric in the world with doors five seats huge luggage enormous per acceleration high speed that is pretty damned sweet that i want that is lagging the in the electric mobility light years die den in t um too expensive wonder how reliable the is going to be in electric form their dirty carbon motors t even that well not even in the by the of today yes these not all electric please your title of this video to best electric hybrid re edit your video take out the hybrid vehicles good not very well researched false title sorry v bad titled the has a of about the t exist the the t a electric vehicle bad video this is trashy hoping these become prevalent we t need to oil anymore fastest world speed mph am i the only one who thinks that we should have a competition where all the big electric companies to so who would win the companies could their independent vehicles not have rely previously built models edit this video model s d ludicrous does to mph in i did not except a m in love with the the like twins you can t live without basically anything the musk did to what did to basically rubbed his drippy junk all over it metaphorically speaking of the musk interested others the origin story enjoy com the origin story just wonderful is the winner by this guy changed the industry from the century into the st century go go is like is like k the rest is not even rules when their price to maybe k then it may be competitive i like hood with those little hex breathing openings model s p d can now to in only according to motor trend the has five problems the rhombus at every a tuned can fuck the found approximate price when the releases can t wait run outdoes it run also the name it sounds like a in a come guys think of a better sounds like a s huge screen looks awful the title should be quickest most of the the list not fast just fossil will run out by anyway one calculated the carbon footprint of electric powered by electricity made from coal it was larger than the carbon footprint of a c with a all fans of vehicles join the group revolution display your e v share experience advice event com groups ts e v highlights like e v world wide com amazing love u electric apple up others like way ahead keep moving forward even gm is back in it with the bolt not big time like ask the electric will the traditional is the same a hundred years ago have asked the would the pulled by horses banana your is here i love reading these old posts in china solar now produces more electricity then coal has moved to making think u trying to kill the only company wan our world good u r a liar is not electric hybrid is bull wonder how many times the apple will have to must be shocking driving electric when misinformation than you could shake a at s leaf t a hybrid it s a electric vehicle from what i understood of your definitions hybrids need to be powered by gasoline at some of the bolt the carbon footprint a person can afford they can afford solar their roofs to either their the energy they oops i broke the windshield wiper of my brand new apple guess i ll have to buy a new one the leaf t a hybrid it s a battery electric vehicle who killed the electric alternate view oil companies stood to lose enormous took off they colluded with others to kill the electric com title guys have less facts than news has hydrogen few years now model there might be more definitely is not alone hybrids powered by generator that runs when goes above mph energy into battery it was powered by brakes only it would not go electrics leaf is not a hybrid it s fully electric there should be category of electric hybrid it runs along with gas engine problem with apple a is that it takes thousands of engineers few years of development it would be to hide when apple will start making electric we will know it fast steam could be a good efficiency is something like twice that of petrol with a loss closed water they could be extremely kudos to the s he pronounces it correctly not johnny editor today i like this the old the new generation together all of these big manufacturers only decided to develop s because did it first did it so well to boot so to hear these crooked money grubbing capitalists speak so good of s now is actually disgusting hypocritical they all hated the idea of s before that were likely responsible the arson of many without i doubt we t even have hybrids now in now we have who wants to coal see where does the electricity is produced from coal worse than gas t get enough he s they did a good the leaf that little stupid battery lease aside which only plays into the misconception that a problem springs to mind did a bait switch he only says yes because he s tired missed the real meaning of the term it was a bait switch in mechanical terms not intentional deception more accurately his people t the costs ran into a wall they needed to update the costs because of that our great documentary half the price of that roadster what the cheapest ones i see k around my area all of the naysayers is so funny now the guy talking about there is way can make a sedan is so funny kick this pump out those pm s of everything made has emission cost including they may have motors they hugely heavy e battery overly high drag so vehicle efficiency is poor energy density is a huge with of can even be waste veggie oil i can take adult passengers in y year old a i barely that in summer alone winter every year the battery degrades to even without not a big deal a s huge in a leaf similar using rapid charging degrades the battery even faster where does the come from to make cell from kids mining the stuff just at today s demand levels aerospace engineer i love the technology can t justify the repeated mistakes of the ice industry now being played out by evangelism love this documentary musk my nice thanks great awesome documentary thanks sharing just can understand how that guy in the beginner can love still like electric too i love i care about going fastest in the world the speed is decent sound drama then its just not what i want its just not the same you could say polluting say i care about the environment although i the emotion is just not there maybe have a hybrid in a sense that i want to mundane driving ill the electric power also somehow squeeze at least a cylinder in there with good gasoline power a good exhaust they have the bolt fully electric now it has less the the model costs more t know its china not included in this they said china produced a more compared to the maybe in the electric is so rubbish got to go visit the family one would have to the fucking thing up more than times to drive about ks that would take day waiting the to get charged fucking toy the available bolt is way over all the mentioned here go plug in otherwise not so why them hydrogen detailed some measures a reply to someone else s that could be calculated the battery capacity compared to mass of the the torque per the motor used in the here i just wanted to out less than a year later after this video was published the thought of anyone buying that fails to make already seems ridiculous reinforce what some have said in times of great it means great depreciation in combined with low interest probably makes sense a year two until it reaches a in two years most electric vehicles beat a cold day with heaters any vehicle not making that is dead in the water probably edit sorry of the energy sapping system con in in also the lags by relying cooled which hybrid review means early battery degradation even shorter after just one two summers i would like to have a clarity b class can t fast try going further than having to wait hours a nobody mentioned the price doubt some cheaper than others not very they try a trip see how often you have to keep stopping pit would be the would be would cost you about hour how to the extender engines hybrids like been here forever these not all true all look like dog where the real aesthetic gone to thank goodness they getting cleaner about time too only years too late i d say you can thank the vehicle motoring that of of deaths to it over past years worldwide our inept stuck in the mud politicians too when there is a big that can without recharging you can talk to about electric i am not going to size i the often maybe it is a good system i keep my big you mentioned in all the models the mileage of the s you did not in the only that it was very fast what is up with that also you need to your at the bottom a better of syncing it up with the audio it totally sucks big time that some really nice vehicles in there i like the hydrogen power wonder anyone else is bringing that out you dummy your title say best electric with the longest driving yet you the has other models which you also you just all the garbage with is much better everything when it comes to vehicles period wish i can have one electric t really interest they good the environment so i have to consider it at rubbish the heaters lights wipers bye bye mileage get paranoid about love that so much also the i like this presenter her of talking reminds of i wanna drive a that looks like this was looking you always have a knack making mundane looking vehicles exciting to look at not a i d buy this very good review the only thing feeling jerky am i right i d my elephant in her room i d her up three pounds i d fill her up with nightmares about anxiety i d give her a boot i d give her legroom a squeeze i d her practicality i d give her it all from zero revs i d give her i d handle her really well i d give her a really generous spec i got two things that would immediately hit her i d soon run out of puff her i d give her a fidgety i d give her entry level model i d give her a at i d give her a weeks worth of driving i d buy her outright i d give her a domestic socket i d give her between thirty nine hours i d give her overall out of i d subscribe to her telegraph channel away from a start is rapid they say mph in so why does it say it takes over more to get from to i have driven my mums it seems a quicker than that i love fast the is a hoot to drive quite frankly not e logo is this to be my first when i m older i absolutely love waste of money what a wonderful why not to buy a leaf you really energetic n we people u did t mentioned speed of the i liked your reviews n subscribed the channel driving the wrong side of the road woman what is wrong with people pretty she convinced the outside i think the e looks better than it s sibling bolt gas petrol in is give take a there could be demand e about providing some actual useful details about the speak speak speak just annoying music video without any details why you even post in the first how comes their flying i still t see the in electric they supposed to be friendly electricity is made mostly through burning fossil very nice thanks so much how the best one really in from this list the e why has it got a grill door handles a save time watch at x would be good it had some info such price about the new smart electric drive now that s a good where all the all i see is hatchback sedans tiny toy where the the family you did not include hated music in background so stupid can you something more suitable i watching this at my thumb is you like stupid music facts watch this stupid so this is a slide specs pointless is this video so stupid can someone just talk tell about the seems to be a big year the electric it is true the to a is years so then they will start work these in seriously have already got the e so forth electric b class they ashamed of what else can we say they obviously t want to tell anyone about it one of those look at i am called the i a very dated way to now the the bolt the out there s a saying caught with your pants down the countries opted years ago it is said to pursue electric petrol while decided to follow now look where it s all landed regular with even number in with quality too never passed the this so one big push spreading the tech is the used market leafs proliferate there in the five admittedly in will get you a leaf just years old that much anything will spread the who t want to save of their gas petrol bill their commute actually aside from which one to buy my biggest fear about is that will i live enough the price to come down to the where the retired working class person can afford to own one portal the way to go gotta wonder why would they not build this vehicle electric will become when you can get a with the heater windshield wipers the headlights it takes less than to completely the the way it is now the leaf claims a all you is run the heater you ll be lucky to get out of it we got a way to go ever were i go all i see is look at all these new revolutionary x company made when we know dam well did it now they copying them like this morning i saw the add the new it has a revolutionary in display definitely not a copy of the s x m completely crazy electric i would shop the buzz the portal of is working a too so worth waiting the bolt looks like a tiny family e has a why they even like the overall styling trend is making heavy huh the leaf needed the refresh now with the bolt m other s the market it has outlived it s they not selling that well there is a huge market ultra safe minivan like the portal the first thing people take into account when transporting their kids is safety thumbs up the portal just in is reading comments trump can t the emissions rules to he it the is not right should build that dam asap they have a hit there wow where does that leave automakers like you can thank the the mass of electric vehicles by all new passenger vehicles sold in china must be electric motors said that you look at the emission although it t say electric you can not meet the emission except with electric vehicles that s why all the companies that sell vehicles in china coming out with a lineup of their models by maybe electric just good summer i t something happened you lose buttery finished is finished cold day you all electric in apart from so ugly assuming each individual battery goes bad the there they cost worst scenario your battery around around k not too in his camera work sucks rotating jittery t buy because battery will wear out holy f ck that s extremely bad dislike definitely dislike your hands in your pocket like that be professional gas vehicles also reduce you accelerate more aggressively my motorcycle s gas lasts the street the track it ll last maybe of riding hard he makes some very here however i t think the problem of expensive complex electronic component wearing out needing replacing turning the into a financial black hole is to electric have you seen how much electronics packed into modern in general especially the high end stuff it s crazy in general have gone from being means of to motorised electronics devices with economical life of years it s madness the electrics need to this they to be considered environmentally responsible in the term i t understand t the first apply to any you not always limited by i got a used leaf with a little over all in even with battery degradation i still can drive give take depending temp after i have enjoyed the spent gas free charging when i can i at overnight so so good i love though the other electric piece of seen plenty of going to without complaint battery wise i think it would have paid itself by then to agree with this info most of it applies to gas thanks rob is quite something again knows nothing our at k still has the same new the battery is under warranty from till k there out there with k still have the same battery nice try electric not fun ludicrous accelerations not just from zero to sixty not fun take this l sit down moms step the pedal not the gas borrow borrow borrow rent rent rent what is the world coming video will you be doing a review of the plug in disappointing the cheapest have not been mentioned here the bought a used leaf with it a great deal got it more than half of what it was originally purchased it s in great shape it s a great i liked this one packed with facts i t like the because is too agreeable the interviewee instead of challenging them with some difficult i were looking electric this is a very good start maybe the same maybe eastern like maybe i own s a model a the model s battery is now down to state of health after the odd kw the rest kw k later this year it will reach the of replacement under agreement i had to buy i so am glad i rented because i work with lithium they have average life of about yrs this is about the right after that they will rapidly deteriorate dependant several so my advise to anyone buying a battery out right is be aware its your battery now warranty the battery is actually the warranty the you sell your the buyer will have the remaining warranty say you get years sell at with yrs left so next buyer is buying a he can own safely next yrs at reduced after that the is dead metal replacing a battery is mega expensive its just not worth it so what these buy battery worth going forward you transfer a battery lease your cheaply the in roundabout way really battery under performs fails after a year you get a brand new battery fitted free provided your chassis is you gotta almost a new i would not hesitate to buy a a rented battery with some chassis warranty left too knowing what i know about current cell technology piece of mind i wonder who the boring people who voted this episode down interesting watching this now that the which i have order has been released which has completely changed the pricing model of there s ad by energy at the beginning of the video it s refreshing to enjoy video created by someone that actually owns one i haven t seen a video discussing the purchase of a used thanks the info its really great that this channel exists it s really great to learn about really with new electric cost per of any deposit would help is more expensive most most live in a flat so nowhere to overnight the biggest killer of battery capacity is time you will be required to the after years tyres wear out more with additional weight we can t get any quotes personal contract hire i anywhere to those quoted here just quoted with deposit over years crazy these have started to go not to go find a take it to a track it everything it was yo even the brakes well we did replaced the after driving around track at mph we increased the amount of tread them it that s a real electric from the s it s shit from a cart company still a road legal crash tested when i was at a dealers recently it was suggested that advantage of the battery was the ability to upgrade to a newer one without the expense i was considering buying a used model around k paying the k to have the newer capacity battery fitted wow though several dealers offering a brand new model around k battery lease the battery lease is currently a month up to k per would be great to have a more hand s which is the best one pros cons what to look out any scams what the prices can buy today maybe you live in the leaf is the only one i can find regularly the market where i live did not even the blue right behind them better than the leaf glad to see got a after retiring seriously the dude is a dead not electric hybrids t count it s not electric it should not be compared to a i ll the best one reason i t need to worry after it runs out of ll wait my model i m not into electric i am into it is the only i want right now other is a m sorry this video is extremely boring next time get to the give the list give facts why the is the list in that slot while showing video footage of the t sit down chit with someone we t care to know t talk about irrelevant things just give what we clicked this video is when it could been is like of definitely not my size town has a a reserve of to find a gas you t want to run gas dry it fully in a of i think should have opted greater battery versus the sporty turbocharged cylinder motors those can come in handy during power outages they can a generator your the electric only only driving commutes you t want to a trip over be real you can drive in three hours the leaf is affordable therefore better trips commuting you going to own one has to be internal hybrid some anti selling ugly inefficient used by companies laughing about trying to something a big scale which does take time that is cool it s the leaf has to be the best used deal ever you just need around town models going under ten here the east coast with less than these the models there is a mistake here to the it is electric not a hybrid the can only be charged a plug the engine does not the battery just produces electricity to move the motors this fact to the this guy is just promoting the he sells the i is unquestionably better than any of the he listed it s not good in snow everyday it drives much better than the he s promoting maybe the video should have been called a snow storm what about the e i find it better than the leaf nicer to drive great quality interior sporty drive just much all of those listed the same price the leaf looks drives way better fossil is the of in the governments here in my country we paying more tax every of gasoline than the real i would like the success of the electric god damn at the end of the why did they start making so ugly people started selling their old to buy the new t fair to a hybrid years later still reign supreme unchallenged that reminds to never listen to any advice years later space x landed the first reusable rocket still cost went down to k the model s k model electric none good model t stupid he opened his of the electric build to the to create this competition the will his creation of electric so going why make unattractive is this why they had to woman in the seat you going to make go all the way i would only take the fiat only the really comes with it matt miller forgot his homework mistake none of these is cooler than a fan of this video its like trying to sell you buying a over s model is between k gets a added to which it looks good the in this video so in i t know about that that i certainly give the a run the comparison really why would u a fucking fiat to a look at the guys eyes he knows its silly himself worst is the it sounds like companies searching a piece of the is like comparing with with this is why t run the world they re about differences between them all they care about is price which is the most artificial indicator in the world it t really reflect anything all of your choices will never to a the s about more guess what it still won t be a a alone it reaches per hour a reaches in you the which of them can the supercharger free hydrogen cells more harm than good wins you comparing the wrong a hybrid all electric different is better because it won the motor trend of the year award these could be accurately described drills in impracticability any of those available purchase in the so fucking stupid be buy you fucking most of those look like toilets with wheels my advice to manufacturers make electric look like regular instead of something that out of a s sci flick there is a reason sold so well they look like not escape pods from battleship one thing has totally disrupted manufacturing um o amazing much in peso of this of what s it name is over years old so not poor should see the dance i made up to this electric powered is like alcohol free the two t mix battery weight we can just overcome the size of to amounts of power then electric would be unstoppable right now just has more power to weight remind what happened to episodes one through eight anyway this thing is cool dry ice great project love it however it is s behind s lap with a engine i know this is not f this is not driving i wonder what the lap time a track would be compared to a i m still not with this electric movement i ll take the over the sounds good sounds like a engine spooling up i d love to piss off my with that sound its still off pace its pace at the was impressive to say the least this is the not with see a real run down a even more advanced than one the takes the victory here by now make everyday driving vehicle listen to those electrons move this in how fast is it compared to a similar unfortunately one of the best engineer of he died u want that giant wing slowing u down u already have all the weight of the awesome of garrisons sounds like like my should the every track in the world can t wait to see the model added to this list i really think it is going to be a game did you the smart is that not available in the u s a video all electric not any of these hybrid wannabe the quick reviews price general interesting specs provided some other info about the of info links also a great of this post how is it going to work heater conditioner it is a shame that s not the list although was one of the first of electric they earned bad reputation by neglecting all the owners who got stuck with poor maybe someone here can help i live in is it to go to state where available buy still title it here where i live also would i still be able to get any of the federal rebates thank you the review it is one of the few overviews that the models available of these only available in they re all in the executive class company t care about there customers in the decay very quickly in hot climate the dealer not want to give a fair the to generation the model s is a real what a shame a petrol gasoline right now wow t there were so many available tech improves looks like ice based will go the way of the horse enjoyed this roundup just wished the times was reported every model where is the e one driven over since china is years ahead of the u s now where is the e up why they so limited in availability a customer does exist in the why cannot any company build a with per wall k its make the rear wheels generators power the wheels cover the hole body of the in solar power why is it so hard does mpg per electric not buying it the models r a joke to need more electric choices to end fossil a company would make a nice seat that is all electric does he have a a channel really like this project so would like to follow closely eve using in his truck com d guy is watching this video like hmm time a refresh of the roadster even though i am a nut i hope ice does not anytime soon vehicles especially this level of ice could some how just that market share alone it would be a limiting of ice i want to see a racetrack where ice trying to compete with in the not see them go away viability may be i wish i had a electric it should be said that the gr is a great motor just not the bolt block great sound just really weak rods off road racing team modified the platform to make hp the crank it deserves more credit than it you could just asked com e a neglected contender in the industry to feasibility expensiveness the researchers have extensively worked together to harness a practical powered by the energy from sun here is a list of solar powered that drive ready pretty cool project my thinking is along very similar lines i m a genius i have a few concerns though is the really light weight it s about twice heavy a similarly i m not it s true that the have higher power density than the cells can you two into it we a drive in a i used the to make a lightweight jig with the three motor mounts to fabricate the mounts in the we have a differential to the open diff what you using to talk to the proprietary lg s each battery i seen outside lg knows how to talk to them whats awesome about electric motors is you can keep increasing the power all you need is better cooling i bet that motor could make over the factory power provided the controller battery can handle it using traditional cells at beyond will absolutely affect battery life more than this guy seems to think that s been true there have been cells saying gm is too conservative won t that everybody including the legendarily reliable the rule a reason ahem reliability please keep updated want to see this s a i had a while now always get mixed answers i m going to ask it here again does the electric pump munch power off your engine to to the alternator needing to deliver more power does it leave power untouched because it s not connected to the rotating assembly the guy working at hacking stuff mentioned is to ruin a great electric existed prior to gas bald with beard hate when stupid people touch stuff great engineers already got right i wish people would also saying engine it s a supercharged v it s found in the is gs f it s a engine just like the was the new ls series comes with a twin engine hp with over of torque with fucking up that t like a mustang a realistic standpoint heavy a is light to the company s the guy you in i d like to out his um am i the only one that s commenting poor that is the s a next time get a human being to narrate the video computer voice is very off putting otherwise video next time get a human being to narrate the video computer voice is very off putting come it is time to go all electric with more than a half compliance vehicle leaf was a in technology it is now falling behind soon a real will be the new s the bolt is the start of makers other than providing s the d model s has a of the is electric emissions it is time leaf i e soul ford focus others to step it up is leading the way forward with all electric drive other makers following grudgingly all electric vehicles the emissions the model s d has real is a game great video intro to i t know there this many available thank you how could you the last year s was sold the most in the x third the market has spoken generator running at mpg with a of anxiety just fill up the gal go another i know that there in this video it was very challenging to pick the best vehicles please know which ones you like the most your to this list lovely the bolt distanced themselves from the competition the is now thanks the video nice reviews a dc fast charging the soul is from kw to kw at so getting a is hard a leaf the battery has not cooling so it s the only that loses capacity forever in the heat the spark is a best buy stopped making them when the bolt out many in the can t get the fiat e we can t get the at all being available is very along with keep up the good work odd video you start with the you should also start a negative by showing the most expensive model available you trying to a negative spin i drove a leaf years using the battery to heat the interior has a huge i used the heater very conservatively the of my leaf was about per when the outside temperature got below degree f the effect that the heater has is never mentioned in these videos the bolt has caught my i t know i will be able to justify a model s so my next vehicle purchase will likely be a bolt you that the ford focus has a end speed limit of mph a of alarms should be off in everyone s head with those numbers first mph is not a of a downside there very few roads in the with a speed limit of mph the of a downside is the of that is worse than the leaf i drove years with this won t term is waiting their current of leafs to be sold before they make their new per leaf available it took a while finally figured out what is wanted needed to be successful has figured out that the needs to be more per you seem to be reading when reviewing s have you owned not a hybrid so add your personal it would make a video like this much more useful i that you just making videos one last the method of charging was briefly mentioned in your video a valuable informational video would include real world experience with charging trickle chargers level included with some all of the s when you buy one you have the luxury of being able to plug in while at work then you might be able to get by with plugging in to during the day while at work at during the rest of the day to make practical you really need to have charging level available at it would have been great to have charging at work i t even have the ability to plug in to the quick chargers level very useful the cost to one greatly it seems like time still while you waiting to the to get to in some my t near zero when when i a level so i t have to wait you could eliminate most of them being compliance vehicles not go over a glorified carts go all other makers need to step it up give real leaf was a in technology it is now falling behind soon a real will be the new s the gm bolt with a is the start of makers other than providing s the d model s has a of the is electric emissions it is time leaf i e soul ford focus fiat e others to step it up needs to bring out its updated leaf very soon people need to the makers know that they want real in s great video good electric in needs to learn how to count that was a review of not made the really high end customers each will run anywhere from to too bad cant afford electric a the i ll be able to ill make its they the ones who started the big electric revolution five years twice a month that would be a better start the electric great the more the better hopefully they will be purchased by a different kind of i m optimistic that all the of electric won t be like they with the gas powered ones i blame this i have learned nothing just a whole of gibberish babbling i is listed at k sorry that s not affordable such a liar is one of the companies lobbying heavily in china against their new zero emission in the same time delivering these flat out in they need to make the i all wheel re just making ugly expensive build fully electric series under than we talk this new will give you about not bad i got my model reserved thank you very much did they just spoil the new series in the background there it seems to that the the left look like a series o oi look so ugly they make i look like a it would sell like hot model the same price look so much better i looks like a wars helmet the i is very its details that very well made refined very easy to park spacious its interior maybe not everybody s cup of tea was not either first time i saw it paying to its details i started appreciating it why every company electric weird something like sci why they cant keep it good luck competing with now a signed a contract with company only to find that they renewed it he did not want that they threatened him that they could the by turning the off they then said after he pointed out the end of contract time that he was any costs involved in taking the to a dealer to have the battery taken out in his the cost of hiring a low to take his the ended up spares repairs because of the cost of a new battery this kind of thing is never bought up by any person the only find these things out when goes with it electric not all plain sailing i understand now that has backed down automatic lease renewals before you carried away with this out the small overlap buy a used one every time providing you can find one without battery lease i get right about leaf charging at there is connector you can t it can be used somehow i almost envy you just t have the electric vehicles there only even to we re talking the nearest at least the other when you throw in traffic mileage it s not worth it here in i understand there many charging so out there i might would go it here in middle way i like your down though elm it lays it all out when you add in the cost of every months gas purchase ice really expensive to own i get my leaf next week a new with kw both the year old leaf will go back to per end of agreement period it s worth noting that the excess mileage leaf in the is p per so you think you know your annual mileage t add thousands of onto the mileage agreement a just in you more than expected scenario my first leaf had a per year allowance in the end it s going back with just under covered in years so my paranoia over mileage cost a little more money than it should have admittedly the reason my first leaf was such low mileage was that i quickly discovered that the charging was not fully reliable the capability of my was nothing to what i expected with a healthy battery it may be that my next leaf will be much more journeys in which i ll pay the per excess fee assuming i t purchase the at the end of the i have gone over my agreed mileage that would work out at per additional i go over my agreement so not bad also the monthly will vary you getting a year perhaps years how big is the balloon payment at the end seem to overvalue the probably deliberately my next is over years in that time there is a fair that the of used will markedly we seem to be entering a period where going to be in decline because of the noxious particle emissions that causing harm to people particularly in the cities this has had media of rumours about eventually banning from the cities so the popular choices will become petrol hybrid electric this awakening of the problems might just sway a small percentage of people away from petrol too maybe not we ll see i certainly t be surprised to see a in the hand market prices the will be more popular therefore the used will be more scarce which means a potential price rise in the hand market all food thought i should have said we lease i it s superb i think the ownership model is dead personally have interest in owning a with so much technology much like a contract interesting video just to pick up the fast chargers they still free customers also have electric tariff you get up to rapid per year you said most people t to the rapid chargers unless they doing a trip is rent you own absolutely nothing after you period of have their price by southern by a whopping have now stopped giving away free charging in the this will nothing to enhance the running costs of yet these seem to be discussed should done mpg vehicle well the others realistically how many road doing mpg these numbers of specific the is really good electric because it s a reasonably small country there s so much tax petrol we have low cost night time electricity available unfortunately neither nor list any of their the scheme a year lease the is only available a hybrid not the so it s petrol again what is the electric equivalent to how does one calculate how many used to run electric vehicle have a research study to i am completely clueless about electricity another worth mentioning is that you customer your gas electricity at your rapid charging is free motorways you also get off your bills having a how much used so happy making a video review now thanks this video gonna friends it most of these you have to lease the battery so per month pa before buying it what it costs to it buying a leaf a month pa a old only trips works out to a month the cost years ago rear pads i one oil a year the oil a filter we have another hour power cut like we had last month i would not be going anywhere buying one where you own the battery is a scary thing in this day age of programs charging who decides the cut off the battery i saw a advertised the needed replacing because it was down to this was older model with with lead acid wanted a new that was old lead acid ones so what they going now new tech ones all going to happen here is the model where people buy a keep it years sell it so they any bills buying after someone else has had the best out of it would be expensive with battery at the wont be worth anything post said official battery given by were not to what he said turned out to be of what was quoted that a light duty how many people have the results of the effects the battery systems going to have to stay with my flat earth because needed i can drive the to see my friends without the fear of out of electric my work free a month to helpful thanks pm my leaf that is i get free charging at work each day i estimate i pay pm a brand new the saving is fantastic changing from well to wheel efficiency to is not a decrease it is improvement of efficiency by a about namely you could say reducing emissions per travelled by increasing travelled from a given amount of oil by which is the same that using percentages such is kind of silly t forget to in the additional of maintaining ice engine all the oil belts pulleys gasket leaks such problems in t listen to the oil companies they crooks who destroying humanity greed is coming same smart at the beginning one needs it old bad battery life now what classic old is dead so is a fact that s it is the way forward petrol waste power by of thing go great video well done very one of my biggest gripes is the emissions from energy claim not many ever consider the drilling oil delivery does to the add to this there is a whole industry dedicated to just finding oil industry dedicated to serving petrol the co created just by running petrol compared to charging i bought a leaf battery my employment last year it will add at most per year to my electrical bill knock gasoline annual gas consumption down to around from at this it will take about years to get back the higher purchase price yeah it s good the environment consider the political poor country has had a rich country names here invade it up a puppet government in order to extract it s oil wars fought over electricity electricity can t leak from a power line pollute the water carrying electricity is going to derail burn people to death being a buy guy means my vehicle is powered by energy made in reasons enough i live in the drive hand longest trip in one day cost to purchase price i think the t started yet we not ready to deal with it when it does hit low end models costing k new with with autopilot in say years time i m really surprised by these consumption numbers i have a estate i my average consumption is mpg l before i owned a a estate my average consumption was mpg l i live in so my consumption goes up during the winter to the cold i calculated those number my own they t from the trip computer we can get more wind solar power from the power companies the efficiency will rise exponentially there was a solar cell paint that could be used electric every time you get in your it s hot hell you could that energy to the while you work shop producing co t bad the environment it is good the environment like more co we eat this is good is much of a crock the new ice age was in the s battery only not a problem except like doing really well even better than what s missing your is your bliss the can go is a very video please remember using solar tidal wind then there s massively less co after the grid in the a of especially distilling of gas takes ice gas electric mpg gas more electricity than along with oil all with electric vehicles you ll decrease the electric consumption to refineries t forget nitrogen oxides the fact that almost all manufacturers fudging emission numbers another fact not talked about is that ice can not significantly improve this is the best they will get battery tech will significantly improve will motor technology which has just now like electric vehicles is one of my in way vehicle efficiency can be to count losses in rolling of weals also vehicle efficiency of ice is higher than it is at least with new systems of lubrication is can be above i invented bio synthetic lubricants that give in mileage so with my i up to per of gas in should i say i palm oil a lubricants so may be in it can be a good idea in developing countries with the of renewable resources in way the ice vehicles obsolete is a vehicle with other than electric motors automakers can call them what they want it does not what they just more anything with engine a extender is a hybrid a is not a big up here allot of these hybrid with polluting i c e engines i was meant to be electric only review allot of them more pricey than the model not good did you guys forgot the leaf so many models out of this list t even the the bolt all others get half the of the model others not still others not actual yet not really competitors at this hey guys i just wanted to you know that i released a new video about of the you might want to it out here com watch v f s actually like that you added the to your i think while it is a of a different it deserves to be named just like the clarity i will buy one when the battery is over because where i am going there chargers the way motor motor not is a stupid video has said they will deliver their first model sedans in rd of not mid this video suggests they better their homework before presenting something the automakers want to blur the lines of what is because they can t make a compelling list is i m still only excited the model it is worth every penny like the join the used s a great inexpensive a used it is best to keep between greatest longevity it is to go above below necessary average daily it is best to keep within that taking a battery completely discharged can the battery so you should not take the to avoid it most s have a safety buffer at the bottom of the battery to prevent battery having early leaf with a small battery limited it makes it difficult to keep the battery between it is time all other makers to step it up offer real it is to know the real of the vehicle that you buying the real that you will be using it a regular basis buying a used you getting a used battery some people the is still good enough especially the price what is a i think you mean motor what z a e cooling system nearly all battery capacity is that is not the best idea all in all is way behind other manufacturers such gm u forgot to the clarity i was the road yesterday there was this number in the lane everybody was honking it hem of hate in the meantime we have our in u s saying warming is fake been driving a leaf years i m never going back to gas oil i primarily switched to save money my commute in traffic the electric hardly any i hope that learns from i hope the t back off its incentives oil has many other good it s a waste to burn it up pollute the when there s a smart i love my er why is it everyone who leads the green movements always gets there there private wasting thousands of of they really cared they would take a flight all nothing can be achieved in this physical world without making some of physical by the embodied human souls because they the people receive all those treasures i know that so much of their renunciation in the past the benefit of their mother country behind it hat s off your unselfish love my dear soul brothers from the north the reason i hate here gay taking over the reason is buying electric the heavy a ford mustang in costs while in the same costs more beautiful when has been a small country did they lose a chunk how you make most electricity burning coal predicts we will begin to run out of oil from primary reserves by completely run out of oil world wide in did brought captain obvious board chief editor musk had announced the to have a solar charging component equipment newer models surely this was the minds of people asking why t there a solar charging system the i bet the utility companies t like that idea one even this was putting to sleep this dude blows get rid of him already you need new blood also think the time of a big thing you live in apartment how would you i guess back to school wait i have to stay closing own a leaf it s perfectly my daily commute of all the driving i need to can be handled by it easily it s clean quiet has great acceleration ultra smooth with almost zero cost of ownership i can never go back to a engine vehicle i always wondered why electric producers t add solar rear glass hood small wind somewhere behind bumper the wings it d the battery now you should post a next big thing based s is gonna electric in ridiculous respond to the title shit they need to be adopted faster than that we want a clean can t go enough a in electric yet the cost too much you listen to to predict the of electric when fails to predict the winner of the last election electric is the s just add more solar panels invest in transportation happened to you make a that proves that you did not watch the whole video you watch the whole video still did not get the your will be summarily deleted i m tired of answering minded bigots you can t understand that the raw materials used in power have to be mined drilled transported refined enriched that these processes energy just the same the refining of petroleum i m sorry your besides it s not the of the video it s a that more than half of you watching haven t dragged your knuckles off a cliff average mpg in the is that s estimates because the oil industry will publish the is that a single of gasoline take about to to refine we know that the oil industry always buys the cheapest dirtiest power coal so according your the of gas that the average vehicle takes to a daily commute is roughly to to refine before it event starts it s way to a so any person with average can see that the energy just the based refining of oil into gas is about a wash so we back to electric being about times more you start calculating the energy environmental of getting the oil out of the ground shipped to the refinery shipped from the refinery to gas we see that the amount of energy used to get a of gas into that average is significantly higher than the oil coal natural gas being burned which might be used to get that into electric in most of the world the move to renewable energy is rolling forward even in the middle east the average folks they using solar tidal power to oil power generation so they can sell their oil the the above average person in this country we will see a back of renewable energy in this country the next years big lap dog is now in luckily the world of this of the planet has been steadily declining it will have little effect outside of the the progress of renewable energy one thing you right about is electric not the answer they a step in the right great video i you to learn a little more about nuclear power the waste associated with it that is not really the downside the real detriment is the risk to the health safety of the i e three island not really the of this video just food though thanks how will get to work when he can acquire gas anything least of all travel i think its more complicated than that often i see these comparisons where it is added all the carbon footprint of the of electricity transportation burning disposing of the when it comes to the emission of a gasoline vehicle they only account those that the vehicle generates they re missing that the transportation refinement transportation of the has a bigger carbon footprint my understanding of s supercharger is that they designed to be neutral better still returning energy to the power grid so from the of what is within s reasonable control that not making a demand the power grid coming back to i doubt he is in good a to be neutral toward the power grid affordable become available to then perhaps he can run his without further burning of fossil i have to give some credit to musk seems to be quite committed to delivering that scale well good the nuclear is the clean energy we would instead of so a high is only half polluting equivalent gas why not a more like the leaf example also we have had safe ways of processing nuclear waste decades it s not just thrown out the back door electric only electricity driving when the is moving gas gas even when the is not moving so electric help the environment even the electricity is created by burning how electricity is produced completely different good video with a did it china has a built in market they need to make of door family i wish em is already electric market open your eyes especially we count in whole fleets of electric busses like in city china s crap did they have to steal cues of the side the with a hint of around headlamps you think the have a i must say it looks like never will i buy electric poor quality lack of we not known they well known of technology ideas sad pathetic please them to have to make the quick same battery sizes quick battery system like project better traditional makers too to adopt to the there opportunities new makers to be very successful more the better to this competes with the model s it s a door the side look like a r just a ugly of it why can t they from scratch not copy a model of brand manufacturers in china can make electric vehicles to any requirements buyers willing to wind generator alternator wheel to battery good luck china the fist the western companies began to promote their products the has already promoted their e several years now the witches species with their lips motors say the copied their why u witches just return to ark of incest great video keep it up in the the biggest barrier is having a space to at you rent park the street you re just out of luck i could have bought a used c the same price a used c hybrid because i t have a to it the plug in t make sense is the you live in a we electric in sockets in our until it takes to fully last rather skip the electrics x of yeah is not impressive not all that great my does in its a all that battery weight over the rear trying to pop one in first gear it had to a gear bare feet they the same engine gearbox so i think that s wrong the motor loses efficiency because it has unnecessary like reduction gear it does not need it mechanically a single gear is better its drive shaft one two differentials good lesson to learn it is more strain the clutch diff you taking off in gear you bell ends it s a fee at say my fiat was green silver could i get the same paint the one in the video same looks everything rolling like hector from breaking bad with that pedestrian bell that took some nuts what was the ft at the wheels the dam things to quiet some cards in the spokes we need some proper motors controllers that can be used in a project like this just what kind of power would it have this thing had motor sized same this one wow looks pretty cool i wonder how expensive it cost to convert my fiat spider maybe better to my l hybrid motor battery system you guys can should up those controllers so that you can one drive that s how i got my up in my i the economy function of the controller to mostly turn of when the roads slick even my single motor can lock up a back i program the controller it s silly i think i got it roughly economy give it a shot another great end to the rear end is such thing too much power just inability the operator to control it properly not up to the chore whats with the eager buyers pitched their tents we did is a state in the is a city in ca where has their factory the bolt costs k is the price after federal incentives the model costs k before those same incentives anything of the that can be seen in a video is of the present is gonna be more then the gasoline bolt is before incentives model is before incentives supercharging travel yes bolt autopilot autonomy yes bolt hi can you go in my channel it s competition i would steal there power leads just to annoy them might well just go back to horses camels the environment is the underlying here the world majority of will always that still i can t wait the response to this nobody is going drive the bolt focus leaf the same money the its out it in every way with supercharging now even quicker charging other manufacturers way behind too bad they won t hemp rather than oil elated the dislikes oil is done i ll be learning a of new generation to forget a greatest problem with e is the of i always been with petrol i t like my is massively superior to any fossil everybody t forget that the model is coming years time that s a nice looking you it overnight wake up with a fully battery so i love my am that anything worth buying would come from the east not from the west i took my leaf from y to the without problems i would buy one when the price would not be so high people can afford a their should from convenience saving money to saving green earth leaving a better world our you have k so to spend you t get one off these wen looking at the electric market you just being com model numbers it s all very well not using any you re charging from most of our power still comes from gas i reckon the emissions still add up perhaps a hybrid would be more friendly at least you re getting twice the energy when you burn a fossil look outside the happy feel good superior investigate how all of the power to is generated how the to create the power at delivery is made where the lithium comes from where it is refined what the waste product has done you may be a little more solar power wind other such power is directly harnessed into the vehicle then there will be a difference it will happen eventually music is too loud annoying too they re too expensive with a that is too small between presuming you can find a charging i t manufacturing replacing at intervals heavy is without cost to the environment either sorry at present not remotely convinced please kill the annoying muzak someone said build it they will come somebody else said some running clean the still burns coal power generation despite being being fined by the the leaf was a disaster with charging battery heating cooling resister heater that cut the down battery where you loose your down to less still some personalities promoted them because they were paid to free electric yes a while then you end up with companies like who when they got their customer up stopped the free charging now a pop more the way yes you can still free at the dealers because they sell them other free will soon the price rises the tax prices went up big time in the midst of promoters saying drive pennies promoters of the never this a their price up southern by the rest will follow after they gauge the fallout there will be further increases to our grid like yesterday the grid had megawatts buffer take a kw what a drive times that by start to have power cuts the energy providers know whats coming have a its called smart meters where they say cheaper bills even though they just gone up by the reason is they going to one in every property just not telling you that they can turn your power off remotely divert it to industry government rendering your useless the advent of the with its free road tax emission some free is starting to loses in the government government one council has of its residents more will follow the up well other traffic the granny lead one that anymore they say go buy a level cost is a big then you have to pay a electrician to it vat of that you have to inform your property insurer in of fire cost of charging gone up just your tariff over to economy yes it will cheaper the electric you to run your property with is now one power cut you wont be driving your to work anything else subsidised from green grants the tax system because its classed tech so there is a tax there without the subsidies it would not be even here all of the charging network would not the loss in government can only more cuts to just when the government is saying that insurance has to go up by a year to pay the very they cutting to the bone the is them quality they just up the to the to cover the the free road tax will along with the other perks more sold electric prices will just keep rising at least the ice vehicle did not this so apart from hugging trees you got a vehicle that needs maps apps a wodge of cards some paid like debit schemes then there is the trip going to take because you got to up so i want any of that i in my to go i expect to go that hundred not the because i need a buffer from the battery system when its winter i still expect the same not less my engine blows up i want a replacement i want to pay fitting vat at i just scrap the buy another one save a of money please make one k is too much bad in this video was that garbage about battery life span is this gear they mostly who t understand the basic of the thing it s like watching explain what is yes you can look up the weather up strictly you re kind of missing the there what person is going to take driving lessons in electric whilst i love the idea of they re still too limited my the improves there more charging particularly in the north west of the there is more choice then i d really love to be able to consider one my next i travel per day my commute there only spaces in our space park all of which already taken up by other motorists who doubt travel a shorter than i the practicalities can be improved then i m game i d love to be able to move away from a with internal engine even though i love enjoy driving yes got a since may next may we can upgrade the battery to we want to what does a new battery cost seems to know leaf still have battery hearing from other a replaced his battery under warranty during year sounded like a replacement makes a from brake pads one of things did not realise when bought my good topic today you probably would have preferred other topic some times the unexpected turns out to be the am curious to know how have you been driving the leaf we talking replacing the battery like every year is it like internal where it can last several years it has been maintained i think can the the battery i t understand why the leaf t you know that the battery is getting worn should be replaced soon low current is the then a battery tender is not the a battery tender is just a glorified trickle it won t provide enough current to make any difference to the life of the battery they designed to extend the life of that just sitting around not doing anything at all it sounds like the engineers have just taken the lazy way out they really need to rethink their whole approach to the v i can think of a few that would be better it s worth noting that even a dead battery would have more than enough energy to perform the functions of the auxiliary v battery without also with led lamps retaining compatibility with ice is a regardless the vast majority of v stereo t need to be powered when the vehicle is turned off anyway so can be run off the dc dc converter t need a battery at all the few things that need to be running when the vehicle is off mainly clocks locks can be run off a laptop battery better yet a generic battery holder easily in the cabin you ask it s just a planned obsolescence thing so the automakers can keep their grubby fingers in your pocket since there a fewer mechanical things to maintain wear out you have one of these things just buy a amp start battery used by ice vehicles ironic needs ice age battery cant it up just a thought it seems v lead acid failing in a happens too often i get why you need lower drive systems i get v is convenient because all other that they already a big amount of lithium cells to make the high battery why can t they a few more to make the v system work more reliably just why you need a v to begin with should be v higher it s not hard to of the usable battery to turn a just ask ionic it t even have one smart one gen i managed to flatten the v battery after a trip by popping the charging with led t actually plug in left sat i tried using the it was flat it appears the led does not go out till you plug in just died about weeks ago my is almost years old fiat replaced the battery under warranty seems like it died prematurely though my s died a death last summer ignored a problem with the charging system light weeks until it all up had to have it jump started flat towed to the dealership a very expensive visit thankfully the replaced the drive battery under warranty had to pay a new drive battery cooling system the new dc battery still cheaper to own operate than any ice vehicle i owned my leaf s v battery was dead in mid the battery was less than year old i haven t been driving my leaf a while to charging in my condo i thought the solar spoiler will to keep the v battery charged up it did all year i tested the solar spoiler its working during the last few weeks something must have gone wrong i that at t closing the g spectrum must have the which basically always cellphone must have been continuously searching network eventually discharged the v battery at t website states we started to our g wireless network of also my leaf s solar spoiler is unable to keep up with the of the v battery of my unused leaf during the cold season when the sun is low daylight hours that s not enough the solar spoiler s cover has become faded a little probably to years of so i added additional v solar trickle in freight com solar battery my dashboard facing the windshield i parked my leaf facing south so that the solar panel dashboard gets the most from in the low winter sun i have used these solar trickle chargers years my motorcycle during winters they did their very well even when these panels not in daylight alone was enough to keep my v trickle charged maintained these have a very low current in so there is risk of overcharging leaf s v accessory outlet lighter socket disconnects when we turn off the so i had to run the wire thought the side door panel under the hood directly to the v battery with clamps that come with the solar panel so it has been three months since i installed the solar trickle the v battery of this unused uncharged leaf is still functioning pictures available s leaf owners group my had the same the same reasons i needed a new every years replacing it with a was not the charging system only works with lead acid i had interest life lesion about back in of at the time my with it s battery was years old a cold day single f after work i went out turned the over the t start was turning over so i t think i had a battery story the battery was providing less than the motor lights worked the was to low the computer so the electronic ignition would not function expensive less t the battery supposed to keep the v battery charged there trickle chargers that rejuvenate the in the battery they t cost much more than a basic trickle a much better so not a battery a deep a battery should solve the problem there lithium battery banks that can temporarily jump to v to start the get one just in they re about in driving a i there seems to be problems with the v battery the being same years old means that battery must be about the same age my i got a v a compressor that compressor has stopped working except when i connect a v battery cells in parallel so the does what the times bigger lead acid is meant to it keeps the lead acids from charging i found out the hard way replacing lead acid with does work it will never inside the replacing lead acid wit lithium will work well cells the will never so there is easy way to simply nevertheless it might be a good idea i have seen our i to draw some when switched i have actually seen more when in more when they filled to the rim you might get more with more v please lead acid they heavy they leak acid vapour that is why you should never mix lead acid in the same room mix them in the same house cheers peter relatively common with the auxiliary battery it s the same size fitted most motorbikes the it also provides the energy to everything electric wipers all the lights with the of the motor touch wood with so after years subscribe here a lobbyist the petroleum industry go solar when you go electric this would have made more sense so much misinformation so why govt seem to the dirtiest smoke stacks heating systems that burn oil coal wood even peat this is of smog in a haters fr d i would accept this kind a discourse a few years ago not now this lady could run trump s election campaign regarding the manufacturing emissions completely contradict those out by the of concerned scientists anyone can read the just this cleaner from cradle to all of this is i bought my hand leaf almost nothing lithium only to of the rest is all computers contain them when its a now its suddenly bad we all have laptops then its problem also lithium is dependent the company that does it oil way more just it the assembly twice much is garbage well cells with almost carbon footprint the rest of the obviously is much easier to build so k thing is garbage just a single of petrol generates so much carbon oxide other pollutants that in a week ice will surpass in straight carbon the of so again the entire is utter nonsense oil money maybe i m just odd the of my cell makes feel like it s frying my spirit when it s in my pocket then i would voice concerns about not experimenting people with electric technology when you re gonna go big with a whole powered by electricity can t wait when they finally release dude needs to is going to save our planet he is the one s is to a in the model huh t know it was allowed to not have a number in the m going to have difficulty with choosing a such a beautiful great to see what s been doing is amazing how they have come its amazing to be apart of improving warming is phenomenal ordered my model very crowd is so fucking annoying the is porn it s a porn there ya have it what i t give to have a with this will insert electric into make in because i am very they make am i the only one who thinks the model looks like the model x s had intercourse does this guy have a speaking disorder like seriously get a presenter your who could take this guy the to get more chargers in most of them in famous model should be some electric bike whenever i see the logo i get a hard well technically i t because i m a i was a i would blind people who love to follow a selling model is a defeating that those who can afford model s x will buy model s x anyway those who can only afford to buy only model will buy it hoping that the better would give them some deserving comforts some bragging rights buying a that they have some awesome features that will only emulate those in model s x that they can t afford to buy anyways by squeezing to pay more those irresistible compelling right simply all real level one scientists not bill know that excess carbon in the atmosphere historically has caused cooling not warming gore his climate tax scamming friends claim polar bears can t swim cant wait to own one of these bad factory is the biggest by footprint the graphic used that is silly it compared the factories footprint the the height of skyscrapers great video love the channel is actually fairly friendly compared to normally aspirated gasoline you want to be rebel the thing to get would be a hummer from the early s please does anybody know when you can drive the model hi please videos different charging units thanks love this host i love his jokes nice general knowledge the ending of your model s lease suggests term ownership would be interesting to hear your good bad with users says is the absolute please the well to wheel nice graphs which tool you to make them great video too very entertaining video the web yeah has the lowest carbon electricity in the because of nuclear is still taking wee digs at it praising the clueless virtue of dear consumerist environmentalism at its worse try a bike you can t hate you have driven ever driven it you just it say damn i wish i had the money one is essentially electric done right the smooth acceleration the torque the low low levels i mean damn did they make electric getting model a lease at wells in the u s could be low a month worth taking a look would not build in old french nuke french having with their economy so it would help them i t see any benefit that can outperform your petrol how the average humans the subject of automotive a series will butt rape this ugly piece of shit a of shift i wish the best of luck the of transportation we know it hey a channel named industry has copied this particular video of yours i know it t need one functionally that needs a grill little of bias going here with the statement about a giant steel engine hurtling towards you in i guess the narrator t also that most electricity in the is produced using fossil electric won t get off using fossil these won t really sell until they can per get charging times down to so get in to make travel feasible until then this is just a requiring the owner to have a powered by gasoline i still like the how does it look in the inside outside i hope they sell more than expected from this so other models will be coming out soon i m just got a time making per year so i can get this in like years bro i m m i just say thank you i hope pray one will buy oil again so there be more wars over oil our oil has been curse not a blessing take away this oil curse thank you you the true of humanity will many life slots of hype around this to get so excited that they claim it to be the st mass electric like they think about most things when they actually not song is music sounds better with you good shit right now it s still too expensive general consumers thank you giving the entire st century you were the greatest human being that ever existed this is history being made before our eyes i still want a roadster though this price tag is less than bolt love the looks well what about safety does the sensor act quick enough to make up the empty engine whats the difference between s both sedans so w k those dislikes instead dislike please make blind your affordable k the cold t be so affordable plug in have existed quite some time now the leaf the bolt soul this is just propaganda i m not against i think their amazing the company itself is one of the best claiming that will be the first to be affordable is a straight out a you said the model will have autopilot it will only have the to activate it will not be between k thank addiction to fossil has only just started oil sheikh dislikes this video inch in the dash that won t any problems it s so bright distracting human brains not made this of sensory bombardment this dude said bad video was to dark inside the anybody else find the big bright screen distracting especially at night is that panel proof everything looks great the screen looks really ugly i hope they not this the i have heard that there spare in any of the this is true then what happens you have a flat i live in a small the is bad because there is a of old of them to where must i go i t want to be of to the middle of a forest i hope the the other s help this problem after years i am now years old a pharmacist in i wanna buy this at the earliest age of latest age of is this a good to choose i wonder oil producing countries would allow to be sold there the i just t like that screen i d rather have the model s screen any day maybe i can run windows that big screen screen is really to much in the way i wonder when they going to come out with another roaster the more that autopilot the better might be time to invest in the people that a thumbs down work another company so even through the s that said to s idea of all electric before he departed gm way suckers go f you now the departure of the federal tax savings t go away more people will buy the with that s in less s you take it away sell ten fold you can in clean reduction why not still have it in its great that we just had election this past least get real dumb ^ it t make to cut something working unless you have a bet with a against it prove to make financial yourself this might be the most revolutionary mass market of all time the fact that it has absurdly huge screen in the yet gauge cluster in of the steering wheel is kind of killing it a basic d model x costs in my country i wonder model will ever get here sell under s like you mount your computer monitor to the of the very ugly these guys at t have a f kin clue how to a properly i ll give you details t a computer screen nearest the the drives he she does not a touchscreen so to distract his her ability traditional gauges f kin around when you drive those door handles not aesthetic a traditional variety good grip strength only you need it decreases increased model gull wing doors really just because its new different does not make it better you took a wheel turned it to a polyhedral purposes does that make it better god awful aesthetics musk better get his act together before the real competition takes kicks his sorry behind we a contractor need this in a pickup truck using the s single cab with down gates the jewel storage area under the bed would be the battery storage area thanks years motors over people ordered the model is looking very these days i not like how electric take so to i mean what your going to work your battery is almost dead you it then when you up at your you get a late fee you see what i mean i m the model will be great however matter how much i look at it i just can t get over the awkward end i hate the look am i the only one it looks like a at the a sliver of a nose mod please model s looks cooler model s v is where got it right e is about to kick s one cares about the guy boned slightly amp is not available it s amp is available available is speak cost the back looks like a should all have a few solar panels our roofs to our electric at night from the excess solar covered charging at work malls too when was it last that we heard from the actual motor trend analyst s editors must have been a decade ago kinda getting sick of episodes of head to head not seeing any videos from any of the biggest around the all their planing you would have thought they would make the doors of the showroom open wider the barely got outlooks like they copied a model looks ugly the s was better i already love in that model really great cant wait to make a wish they d pronounce it properly they keep calling it not keep the screen create a better display it a nice display the windshield then you have a nice k that is worth buying against the other gas competitors my is awesome anyway a speedometer integrate the screen better is all i ask engine it would be cool the touch screen could be turned to like why i t know it would just be my god guys it s a one big screen this is not that expected you can t arrest speeding i can t see how fast i m what happens to that big window above your head you get in you have people sitting in the back seat that steering wheel steering i know its ugly interior of this looks really bad the sake of is not exciting a my head should not have to turn to obtain such speed rpm also how the bumper will look after someone into it i live in i would never drive a like this there people would be enticed to into your just to steal the screen it happens all the time watch these screen breaking off customers this is a poor ergonomic the screen should be built flush into the dashboard physically out of the way visually out of sight what the hell it looks like the screen is just attached to the rather than a screen that s actually of the i wonder also how well it would when driving frequently over areas with making the bump all the time in which i think the model s x win all these complaints about just chill out maybe you will love not having one hes a smart guy how many kw would it have gonna end up putting a in the model that screen looks way too odd should be integrated with the upholstery just propped up like that wait where s the speedometer they say safety first built poorly have latest tech all electric i m married so i ll take the chimp a cheapskate who buys a new a most review thanks at the drag strip did you it in does the guy know that electric way more not green than actual engine gm should make electric with the chassis i remember run model not comic really board is still only kw this is comparison to needs to fix that to give it a kw at least savage a very winded video make a shorter by removing all the fluff say is junk the price below avg reliability which is better gm old were just revolting pun intended thank you this i m torn between the gen a h i like the styling the is definitely more economical the only is i m not how often i d be able to it i move to a different a joke model wins by a what s that dome in your with the apple logo looks like a networking device your federal tax credit is that because it is electric you receive a tax that in i only heard that about ca what a beauty a beautiful video thank you well done i can t wait my model good capturing the model i like the cruiser in the back ground c i still think the s looks better looks great looks like model order is in nice looking still not the mass one wants to model we all want better this is so beautiful cant wait reservations orders yet is the official start of when is the expected of completion end sounds like hard to believe model would be vaporware what kind of you expect release model looks like a at the is not the beta it is the same one that was revealed a year ago please be more clear in the title meets rear end it will sell great watched this video the the branded piping in the background caught my it looks like a small of a anyone care to shed a light what it might be who else saw that model x at wants that instead love this i hate when their limbs out of the window like that this thing is so ugly i bet it s fake about to get raped by getting this my first roof will really suck in sunny climates why electric need to be gimmicky impractical here s the thing get your mind out of the gutter we all know you created the model just so you can them in the order of s x those of who like to spell things with numbers i think we can together i t like how there is screen in of the steering really want this to be my next purchase i m in a soul right now i love it i m ready the switch to electric i wish they can make a under m looking forward to these this year this is gonna be the game get ready it this had a muffler i would things very dirty things to it aka my dream of ago it s pronounced you have to mock everything you think foreign that will be my new the model s end is my looking out of the three i only like the one i seen from previews of the they made they added the black t shaped like the model s i liked the way it look when it was all smooth resembled a shark the whole end has similarities to the yes the have to treat more like a company than a company which is very exciting finally rid the burden of these dealers i hope the product will have that gap in the grill like with model s x because this clean looks to much like a duck its strange i m worried that becomes a luxury i like the idea of driving completely electric i m waiting the truck one claims it will be out by i would like to believe that would be the s history it will be more like which will make buy a bad the dash board layout looks like crap in one day bro dude holy these voices will succeed soon i earn enough dough i will slap that tell him to give one i need this comparing with musk is ridiculous i am really excited these to release this is a great looking that is environmentally smart we all start giving electric a we can start reducing our carbon print make our kids have a nice planet to live i t have the money to buy one i will however own a model one day i just bought a hybrid last week same amount of cash a brilliant i think the difference between all the other manufacturers of electric vehicles is that makes a really good looking the others producing lumpy nerd i m buying model looks like a video some is just wrong model competes against c class a infinity m you cant a with a s class the blue print made by competes with infinity take my can t compete with series s class t be ridiculous simply t understand what real luxury is by the way underpinnings their obviously because can t engineer mechanical components a decent level kinda goes almost any company could have made at any time they just had to cut back r d musk said it has actually announced that it is has not been operating at a loss god dammit kicks the asses of other factory hard extreme hard to the moon fuck the rest hard in the a the model x pictures the old ones the model s is only thing people back from buying was the price the of price down was proven to be topped out with driving people just threw their money at it even before they saw it before anyone had driven it before any reviews had come out must being greedy make a that sells not they t other will will be at the bottom when they should lead the electric industry because started the electric in the it s not going to cost is it the median price the one you actually need is closer to s pulling their usual it has in fact any cluster at all it s going to be a cheap that costs phallic looking snake who wrote this amazing line the team presenter i have a deposit one will see how things stack up released it also depends when it comes to there will be any rebates here it s the only the market i m interested in other than the other models which i can t afford i love model i reserved can t wait i want a so fucking bad d i wont even be out of college another years so ill just get one used like m definitely going to buy this at years this electric pacer what it s like comical to be driving around in this thing com never wanted another so bad in my going to down money a reservation a i can t drive who s price t even been announced yet of i m going to wait years since i haven t had my first yet evaluate the market around then make a decision i m leaning towards at the of there will be more coming around never be to the brand this is a very beautiful only thing i t like about model is having to look over to the side to see speed just give a small that has speed keep updating about the model about one just curious about what it will look like peasants cannot afford that was thinking of ordering one just bought a new rover instead gonna wait a few years until there enough chargers around in then probably get one will ever come to south i want to eat your dick to get a been looking a electric that can go all around the world with load only cost so this is not my sadly get your shit together out my other video where i built a calculator where is it link these when you reference them i looked your channel see it battery won t be available m am i the only one who was annoyed by his nose cool background music really distracting i bought a used model s which has less heat other overhead about more than the stated model price nice to watch this video my especially considering i t have to wait the model the years before my in line would have come up i reserved my model late am of the mid group i was more inclined to get a model because of the price below the having seen this video i am slightly swayed toward a model s i m waiting model would ditch the to pick up a model s refresh it had all the i m looking my is by i still have time like you mentioned you get free supercharging the model up to a amount right so you take one road trip a year i t really road trips love your channel all the get a used model o is really what is going right now is doing their very best to the minds of the people that reserved a model that s why the list will be very very limited in the beginning only a sunroof instead of a panoramic sun roof is another example most of all the free life supercharge you have the model s you buy even the just make the calculation that you will definitely take into consideration buying a used model s instead of a new model the average price after upgrade model will at k per average price of used model s is k so its difference of k with a possibility of getting federal tax credit even you reserve one model is awesome the release not so much sill nice looking they made the lip bigger the trunk they made the less sporty aggressive looking looks a bland now that along with cluster may be enough to push towards a used model model will probably come with autopilot why you think they call it model s rather have a model s is a bet the wait a model to mid delivery get a model s drive it at least the time a model becomes readily available delivery to a buyer who is not not high up the model wait need electric that have in about hours only deplete a capacity per using your visuals the should be of solar power well in between i want is autopilot model is k what the with all this considered you re buying a fucking you know you re buying a nice matter how much you spend good video sad to see all the hate people morons i hope you high the valuations because i will be a almost every checker myself great video t listen to the internet hacks you built assumption video based off of guesses showed your reasoning where you got those guesses from solid work i m gonna help you with your x x x now can you please tell what is closer to welcome to rd class at least in my country they would allow it all i would want is model with one difference that is with the biggest battery would you pick a model s p wait model mad motors different now cheaper many things overlooked thanks i still enjoyed the video while waiting my early reservation to become available not true so a k model will be like a i a loaded model will be priced more than a fully loaded m a i is not a very nice to live with it s missing basic features people expect that you get a k pricing model would not go over k with all the video is i hate you forever in all seriousness pretty pilot is wants it that way what he says people paying a rolls gonna be that price at some people will def pay it just like some people model s x at equipment more then half of the you that make the model k even going to be a there wont be a there wont be a window the dual motor the same dual motor the model s so why would you think it would cost the same the only thing in this hole video that is kinda of accurate is the pilot costing about the same model s i agree with you comparing a model d say look at how the made the price go up well shit you went from a model d to a pd with added at all the model pd itself is like k more then the d weather is that they a hard next i cant even it anyway since it takes forever i have nerves of steel to wait half hour more i live in nowhere to anyway i is a upset i loved its looks like anyways so i wanted to buy one when i was driving it i was so upset that sound awesome is only inside outside it sounds like what it really is a l engine it was also too not nimble enough to justify its price tag nor its impracticability bad news confirms that the won t have t be surprised the model has heads up display there s only going to be one screen one screen only not because of some new display you want screens i d with your model x remember model is a cheaper not the next generation said there is not gonna be a well maybe just because they call it different exactly knows what how to say the things has already made it clear the model will not have a keep in mind the model cost about half much the model s you want the most advanced technology get the model s x same goes the model y affordable display number i t understand why i liked loud when i was younger it s just stupid you think about it i truly hope musk is simply keeping quiet regarding their actual the t screen heads up display ever since pioneered the smart screen it became icon feature fans look forward to seeing inside all models em should consider giving t buyers the to upgrade to a classic smart display also allow buyers the to purchase a t with traditional classic dashboard gauges a without these features a way to upgrade to them is going to be extremely disappointing i m bummed that em tweeted in fact i think it s a huge mistake not having any indicators in of the your video please keep it coming musk has said there will be the model comes with a you could buy one from off around bucks it my prediction from observing this being a driving enthusiast is that will either in a fancy cluster in the model within the next years a variety of reasons i m also hoping governments insist upon it one of that shit is necessary in mass model already that floats the outside the windscreen over the example thanks a great channel this t gonna happen guys this will be my year old has a that also projects into the wind screen so that it appears it was feet in of you i would be very upset my new model have that what would like to download app to hear the nasty of internal engine why say heads up display display fake sound is good what it does to blind people why not cut it out redo the shot every model e video comes with music hope it comes in bright red a more youthful much is the oil i hope they keep the white interior any other light darker without a yellowy i hope they fix that ugly i d prefer some really nice birch figured a darker like in the with their linear wood it d also be nice to have some integration some thrown in there so i can play from my streaming platform hopefully they also make their touchscreen more flat in also a would be nice too the good shots i hope this become like the where there is only one model out at a time everyone s look identical that s most likely what will happen though i wonder musk actually drives something like s class series i m sucker a good shade of silver this one is insane i m getting a vibe from this look this is incredible a will not doubt be the most beautiful sedan in its price was this the same shown at their reveal event the model by the way great video why is the nose not more streamlined to lower the drag love the track model too the more i see this the more i want it what is the name of this s the name of this in every way i wonder how many people in the other vehicles exclaimed yo dude that s the model that s awesome something like that it like at the same like a game s see the hype is real come this time next year it s damn century is just coming pretty boring watching them take of a driving at low speed a mostly empty road it is a nice looking the brake light is so people t seem very professional is the interior actually only going to have just a nothing else damn this is one ugly s a beautiful i will the exhaust this guy getting fired from trend model three looks better than the model s it has that slight resemblance to a at the is the it looks much better than the release all the you mean dodge demon electric still not affordable the regular guy great video i m in the market this truly helped decide everything said was same old info up until the looks yes the is much sexier sportier nicer when i saw the trunk the i knew i t live with that my is to get to commute to a about from my the trunk the bolt will certainly be more practical useful then that mailbox of the in a years i hand it down to my kids who go to school i know the is more nicer looking that trunk is hardcore dysfunctional useless pointless lastly i m excited the there s a more great stuff clearly to come thanks this video here in i the e will outsell the model first of all it will be available earlier secondly it s a real not wheels like the model yes the outside of the model looks better than the the lack of interior will turn away many customers yes the model is faster than the bolt here mostly bought because of tax advantages so those will mostly be driven during hours when speed t really matter that much honestly when its time to buy a usually you have choice to get one today also speed torque not safety features many drives who crashed their would attest the also has the lane keep assist its not in fact more than a few companies purposely dodging the systems because they have a questionable history right now its still unproven also a high number of reviewers hate the systems the ability to see the in of the in of you both have that system t even the first to have it overall i t choose ether forced to choose i would go the the looks nicer the outside the inside of the is more practical useful i carry stuff a regular basis i need storage room i think that trunk was the reveal i think it s bigger more now model hands down down all the the comparisons it was helpful i really would like to get the i m a year old grandma i know i can wait more years before getting a new i guess the thing about the that i feel is strong advantage is that it has the being totally driven which i like very much is a huge asset the is nice i would go with the bolt it s a more practical although the is sexier it lacks storage does not have a roof rack i my bicycles like to carry them not the has rack mounts located in the roof like other i would rather have some one hit the rear end of the not my bikes like most of you drive it a of years then trade in the latest this is why you the reserve a model before the talking about autopilot showing other things from the model s that may not be available will add many thousands of in costs to the model at the same time trying to say the prices similar between a model a bolt a k model with zero cost may not be available in because they will have very limited capacity orders of maxed out units that may sell more like k after all the what features really going to be a model what requires thousands of in cost there is a limit of how many tax credits will be available per will the federal tax credit even be available the model will they have all been used up by then have had a of technical quality control problems with the model s model x why expect any different from the model it will probably be safer to wait model s so has some time to work out the kinks quality control by then there definitely will be tax credits left click bait with trucks have like ft of torque i thought said all his tech is available publicly he all companies to them into their own so the tech will be more easily into the market i hope that one day i can be driving down the highway look around be surrounded by s the music anybody knows why t they fly this thing to n proper testing fantastic did the blue m have daytime running lights what is the music very can tell they tweaked he nose a little the nose the looked very realistic to now the is looking like a regular everyday they did the headlights there is some new of it in blue the grill thing they should have made that i love i want one those noses make the look a little unfinished the model s it looks good from some it s like the dashboard in the looks totally unfinished i m can a nice two tone interior in the bolt with cluster with a finished touchscreen look i m can the same i mean come the dashboard looks like they slapped something together right before it was time to reveal it it takes away from the again i would love to buy a needs to start making they look finished that means quality control needs to get its together finished need to start looking like i mean yea y all young it was proven a few days ago you could be just good ford at this i t care about getting the out time quality t going to be that good dashboard is gonna look like was into it then y all need to wait until next year to reveal it i have to get rid of autonomy to have a decent interior i will because really i want to drive my experience the joy of driving i t like autopilot that much i m not a fan this might be the first criticism i have ever had of i t care much about the interior exterior looks of a after all you re not gonna be in it spending much time in it in your day hours traffic is bad i have a feeling the first m s off the line will have weaknesses bugs based past i have a i t know anyone else has noticed care looking that the spotted release the nose is more muted toned down in my it takes away from the aggressive look the s have make the see more mom pop like i know there were some people a year ago wanted to tweak the end i t care what they done would rather he go back to the look you could will you please a video about this i would really love to know other peoples feedback is the steering wheel still the same ugly thing it must be amazing to drive holy one seems to the spaceship like steering wheel tweeted about any ideas that might have aimed too low with this one the interior the trunk in particular looks unfinished i understand that they wanted to get this thing to market time customers would have probably preferred to wait a few months than get unfinished half baked product i would really like the model to succeed what i seen so is not very encouraging s hope something amazing out of the bag at the last model owners only owns a model thanks you placed things in how not only everywhere else even here people stubbornly projecting their own speculations downgrading the based falsities just one while the still is a huge leap forward combining speed fad supercharging capacity with affordability spaciousness s not forget that there is competitor looking forward to getting early i expect here in the having ordered the bolt is better why wait a that will probably have many delays because that is a thing when you can get a awesome bolt the model well also be way more expensive then what they promising because all of the tech they promising the bolt has plenty of cool tech a reasonable price the only thing i really dislike about the model is the dash that screen is way too huge there should be at least some gauges right in of the steering wheel should all have solar arrays our roofs to be zero consumption at have a few more to cover the consumption of charging our electric at night from the excess making our solar powered reducing the overall time the array here a link to a nice video com p com p you take your model x s watch out you have to wait in line with of model estimate is the model will have a of around appear to be independent you so great i wonder you could be a of beautiful should sell well wait it already has frump so hot right now either the silver the red this white hmm they did tone down the nose thanks i can t see the difference between this the one that they first presented last year they going to the trunk i hope they will have the grey wheels the red is that a s awesome to live in a time where people have k cameras in their pockets it s so to like the trunk lid will seal against the rear window glass i hope they have that sorted the water seal goes love love looks lovely in white panel gaps i can t afford one i m still excited happy anyone who s going to receive theirs in the next year two spectacular that thing looks good in white the model is going to kill it automotive history the body panel gaps though lets hope model quality goes up looks very nice they could the a slot off the shelf now keep it under k it would greatly help the success k that t work is a mistake model killer lights look at least include some exhaust something does it have day time running lights disclosure i have a model ordered with the model s display does anyone else have ergonomic concerns i mean that every time you your speed instead of just nodding flicking your eyes down back up you ll have to look down to the right anyone with glasses the neck movement will be even more pronounced now try nodding your head just slightly down to the right focus the bottom right of your computer monitor then come back now it again again again every time you your speed temp any other of most hundreds of times a day out of i predict neck problems a of model i also expect aftermarket products that will help fix this obvious problem what i t predict was that would to interior layout that basically just slaps a computer monitor onto the between seats it s a inefficient of space one thing it is going to lead to neck discomfort you listening it t too late to fix this otherwise will some clever folks with access to manufacturing tech create some of to modify that layout keep it under a thousand make it easy to install i ll buy one good hey love the guitar i d like to learn this song can u tell who it is i really hope they something about it s nose it t look right good find anyway i used of your video a video in my channel can i have any problem thank you looks great all around i hope those gaps alignment in the c pillars get fixed my uncle is getting one of these thanks this beauty want to some screen shots in a post with your thanks first clear really good shots so glad i reserved one the ice going to be the black white models the k this is a model x not a model vehicle looks like a crossover which makes it a like the model i love it when is this thing coming out seriously i mean this got all the hype so when we see it the can tell that is serious about because their look mainstream instead of gay kinda looks outdated already some random person just rich click futuristic this background music is way overused by way too many videos missed a sign t look like a k i m how makers found it necessary to keep s ugly until did something about it bringing the model s this one looks nice to i find s nicer though i t too much care the end of the myself other than that it seems like it s gonna be bad like the other two it s not complete where the fuck is the fucking inside you re going to a screen you might want to block out your windows better turn the screen so it s not reflecting your windows much is the roof glass all model s there is nothing what i would not love this i cant wait to own my own model musk is writing history other manufacturers gonna be in fear the model takes of the their own by to stupid old technology engines so is this leaked what so when is the release the market this this looks like the not the release is it ugly copied back their is incompetent t hatchback only the poorest companies hatchbacks what a beautiful simply amazing the is here glossy screen say that end is way too though nah body was back look confirmed in a tweet today that there will be not something i ever cared about anyway however dual motors is a deal breaker when my reservation number comes up i m going to have to delay until it s available here is a clear view com this is the model way before how you expect a to turn there head to the right while driving to see how fast they re going should be a priority in the model i said a while back the makes sense it would bring up the cost of the the idea of the model is affordable everyone too much speculation i was just about to get a new then i heard about the model bye bye hello i wonder what the reference to a spaceship steering wheel actually means perhaps a small display included there binnacle yeah you mean there s a screen exactly level with the steering wheel re watch focus the steering wheel this is probably the to the problem also did anyone the giant mongering salaciously dressed computer the passenger dash did good eye new of model seen a street to the grill bumper not watched this video yet people saying because of side shot can t see from side i got the i the is only from seat got a model order cancelled order i m not looking in the middle when i drive people with silver hair geniuses some new of the com black model release spotted driving silicon valley gallery in end at all except it is gloss black i think i already commented nose looks the same to the black paint lighting the snub look at at same washed out lighting e g com model sightings spy shots gallery the screen just seems to be too small displaying the autopilot info it so my guess is that the model will have you order the autopilot you will get a this is looking like a video not to say i told you so about the well i told you so i mean it s a smaller more simplified model s half the cost of a model s the bolt s price with a built in loss should have been a warning that we t get high tech goodies that the s t even have at such a low price i m not trying to kick you while your down i however want to draw to something you many of your other viewers may flip out about when the time comes that s my prediction that will probably the crap out of the infotainment it s just not to sell the model include things that competitors also model already performs like a i with essentially a cheaper price than the i i t believe they going to give away things like infotainment without paying upgrade package i think there s expectation that the model will include all that in the price because its in the s x s model pricing i think that s unwise assumption to make i haven t heard anyone really talk about that possibility is not the only market well it s confirmed then model s x the time i graduate college the model will be shown the product there is gonna have to get the s x at the very least they should controls the steering wheel love the mod i really like the little city behind you did you make them when says dual motors model is expected to start in to months does anybody knows months from when from the release video st the beginning of capacity after that s equivalent to what is said a engine loses in power over that period of time k k year years that s not even considering clutch differential wear all the loss of power to the wheels that goes with it o also the all wheel drive s more than two wheel drive so you get more better handling faster acceleration with wheel drive you allowed in space idea to make this episode outside i love your channel keep up the good work you guys that the model s name of is closer to the word s those in the watch the great green crusade presented by fully charged in k great episode loving the screen chemistry between you two much easier to listen to to the fun to watch hello enjoy your videos the problem everything is beyond my price we not all rich i was wondering you would consider doing what is available the market what problems we might encounter i not how reliable they might be i would think that might be also would like to know these would be in a environment presumably power would be more stretched thank you your enjoyable the back forth in this episode i m a big fan the is much better when you have someone to play off of that shares your sense of will we be seeing more of this in the s is certainly appropriate the renewable theme of fully charged keep up the great work the model like numerous sedans of the last decade so does have the of a hatchback unlike the model s there is hatchback the model it was designed with a more less traditional trunk boot albeit with a rather opening really love the blue screen work that background is clearly i can tell by the pixels having seen many in my time s needed is the next movie to have all electric in it that would make people sit up take love your backdrop this time i am in i still feel a picnic in would be awesome showers between kw so surely most homes of providing that already the e go life electric is ready to be driven i d love to see some videos this because it is a it will go in early he is that guys voice bugged bloody well cough clear your throat can t arses that carrying talking with a crackly voice he always speaks like that then he should never be allowed he needs to button his shirt a more this a financial he s right about the analyst guess this t seem to care about the difference between fixed costs gross margin either that he is tied with term investments into the i mean what else could it be does he honestly think that most won t order especially considering the look almost identical to the revealed models meaning people know what they ll get is he suggesting that s lying about the ramp status being track i hope all you people tarnishing this his very reasonable your entire retirement money into i hope you ll loose it all i will never buy another gas made a trip from dc to never paid gas did not pollute the in five years never had oil a repair of any kind it looks s got a bad tooth since i noticed that it s still bugging they t make any because they invested it they build the expanding their supercharger network they making the model they busy with designing the upcoming models they busy with the battery the solar roof creating battery storage they t invest at all they would certainly make a this year they would be gone the year after it because they t innovate this guest is such a piece of shit this poor moron t understand s s with this guy does he know anything about does he know anything about statistical proof they won t could he not the battery that has be the majority of the s like this guy is of thinking term the money is not burned it is invested in growth of the company the going to fly out the door is a company who got to were it was unfairly because of the fact that western competitors get into china because its not a free market got away with ripping off gaining wealth with their monopoly in china even called them a ripoff saying something they burned m ya shit they just opened the worlds largest to make factory opened the new factory to mass produce model some model s does know it cost money to make money disagree with you the nose it looks muted mom pop like it totally makes the look dated i had access to i would tell him to push forward with his thou should take a the look see people prefer the the muted down release the the of the display it is not very to look at it in the middle instead of through the steering wheel when you look between the steering wheel you just looked down with your eyes head movement is needed to look at a screen in the middle there will be head movement involved it is going to be like looking at your your you cannot that without moving your head is the side not passenger marry i am hoping to get a model my birthday in the year in s supercharging network will be hopefully much more all of the kinks the model will be fixed by that time the price will when the is in i hate how they hung the the dash like a bad a skinny i hope people realise that they not buying a model x s they will be getting a stripped down with less way more low tech interior i think a good would be key here why can t they it in i think it looks way better without the a pad a behind the a display interesting to see how most people want to with what they know i e a dash is known to differentiate his products by being challenging the status a single screen is cheaper totally configurable i expect a to be at some is model with they re not going to add the anything that will delay the launch not even dual motor new videos lately that interior is really disappointing love the big screen we still need a a screen right behind the steering wheel looks to basic that landscape infotainment screen layout is way too to the steering wheel it s almost in the way of your right hand the is great because it is electric very safe that aside its not luxurious good looking inside outside compared to series c class especially i that comes with you said you live in a degree climate where you live bro used to my now i hate out that s what it is i t see how this is a leak regardless the price i d need to have the features of the just want to know when the damn thing will finally come out i in the first two so hopefully i won t have to wait three eternities to get it i know that t commercials i think they should just one introducing the whole line s x so people understand the difference something along the lines of model x the world first electric model s the best selling the model the most economical electric yet late this is not a leak is aid drinkers reliability the worst in safety thanks the aid with the washed down your stomach it would be faster to die that way good luck the steal panels is actually a good thing it means body shops will be able to repair damages at a of the cost of the model need to mass these right away so everyone can buy one will other makers gasoline polluter out of very soon like blackberry corolla out of they showed this comparison at a presentation i attended at my info would have been a leak it out years ago this is a chart from s website leak new this was old news you re two weeks got the link from a employee yesterday i was in the pulled it up the screen not leaked at all reason to buy is that you wont have to deal with private dealerships wait how comes looks younger than he was years ago yellow teeth nice braces tho fix teeth save the world save these leaked info the trash c you not comparing the the acceleration of the the misleading title click bait garbage video great thank you keep up the great work s still pretty where i live in i did actually see one a few days ago the motor way i was following it from rear view it was simply stunning can t wait the to be released here hopefully this will bring the model s used prices down to a level i can afford our biggest online market website currently has used s i d like you to crunch some numbers one day solar panels connected to power walls charging your model s from the power wall awesome usual my is those that in the ordering in decide to wait more how these individuals back into the they bump individuals like myself that reserved fall in the k k in line any thoughts how these individuals will be managed thank you again hi could you please perform your analysis magic to out what the likely of the model three will be with the largest battery they will offer i would appreciate seeing that will wait until available bio filter pilot i hope they have those i win the raffle then i won t have to worry about it d be furious the larger battery is k i m assuming that the the model being a mass will bring that down significantly of i m aware your pricing is the worst scenario i essentially want exactly the that is depicted the most popular i d rather not wait the i m in the so it s between getting missing the cut the subsidy settling receiving the subsidy it s a to setting the despite snow in the accounting world there is a big difference between cost price you referring to the price of the vehicle consumers the cost is inferring that the model will cost k to build like everyone else said title dislike in the last you forgot to about wheel size model comes with inch wheels they look to saw recent pictures of model going around factory they also the look out of t with model s many people will be tempted to upgrade to inch that shown in most of media it may well buy a used model the k model will be a will not build any in this spec please take out a background music the model have the following features included in the most basic model these features available in some trims of economy like civics corollas backup camera blind audio streaming way power seat board turn by turn some way to a app adaptive cruise the roof your going to be all year from all the rays i just want the most basic model so k i want the blue one its k k is with all the bells was always over promised same will be true of the three look at the misalignment of that side panel seems like the from the black reveal actually going to make it into does have registration hope they the light from the back it t seem to view good at get that it s a those panel gaps i like that panoramic view i really like these wheels probably getting them like seeing a pretty from behind then she turns around looks like honey boo boo looks like from the back a in the panel gap the trunk the paint t the various panels really hope that s a rather than what will go people should be fined purchasing any electric vehicle the government got all of you thinking this is a green end is that end is off a pacer something it s seriously embarrassing a in that price all screwed that is a little uglier than i expected the panel gaps shots thanks a com make at least chassis dept love those it looks like shit now its the size of a leaf i think the looked bigger die die die will die release den bin r war l die geld model was will in die in in model model s generation er l so gen so was will controlled b sung hybrid model model s f winter l start die k turbo heads up display in video gr ten t laden die die e gut w re f r e in den st was m in e ab s gen gen pl den die l ad so hat hammer hat model lg l was ob tun um um person e t rt die die hat die f r die v r die lades in hat gar die m laden f r die m in laden w re problem f r die st h w die am tag f r laden in um m in lades w re die lades w w re f r die am die m w re die in die e w den tot r m die gr ere k so k die in die hat l so rt die welt so l model x in den die den um die in bin so ding s i so so welt was wars was model l wolf r mensch die t f die link at die hand ref die a in in pl k die epic fail dank fiat money fiat states f r die die gen will am l com watch v be model s email s model a a n metro o n lo apple fans l y amigo l hombre l s lo a c info m m n c s lo y a model con model s o l a model o a lo lo m s o yo y yo model a metro a ever a a y ya o ant c drone persona gt r c model has model a posterior rule of thumb expenses in the markup which does not spend need may easily be the cogs here can you care to elaborate the basis of your cost assumption dude rule of thumb this analysis is beneath you well consider the other the dealers get a huge chunk of this it was estimated that dealers get almost a of price not including dealership warranty repairs the incumbents also have a add does a few events that s about it the supercharger network is probably the biggest expense which is arguably can t a rule of thumb from a fundamentally different model has expense t share the with thousands of dealers first so what had to meet schedules to scale up he makes it too i think it won t happen supposed best gm i may not be a forensic accountant some of the statements sound like bad thinking i was open minded i hear stuff not making sense i did pass semesters of accounting cost of cost of price sounds like k i have missed something please enlighten i m not this is useful worthwhile to dwell into we will never know battery cost will be a closely guarded you ask the model t even have to be this is the reason is already discussing other products such the semi truck the model y all they need is to a of battery cells than any competition before can consider the bring the down the costs of all current products will start to become there is a larger quieter revolution going outside electric vehicles it is in the electric power industry nice who willing to a deposit a knowing nearly nothing about it probably people that t going the model can turn a literal dime a then they re doing fantastic upgrades alone makes it a competitive take into account that they re getting amounts of money to work with before they have to deliver a product interest loans the smart money is still clearly the market is still privy to that too the this company is just mind boggling hitting the model numbers won t even be one of the more impressive costs will also decrease increase the whole costs not just the will decrease increase much of their costs fixed so the more built the lower the per cost seriously appreciated this video considering i ll be working them soon shirt so many you re completely glossing over still making money from roof tiles superchargers anyway so wont lose shit looks ugly is late the market years they the hype musk is a perfect pr he can even sell you a sand a desert till now k is losing every they model will be a big big the company meanwhile we got new decline used price just tumble every month lowering raising interest environment retail collapse you have to be blind not to see a recession that is coming with huge steps is really great company not themselves i people who of money in a company that make losses that even banks t want to borrow them more they got high in delays suppliers payments i t their quality used got big problems to be even sold that will be the biggest fraud like i see similarity biggest success i said the they of years too late the market it will turn out that it s a fraud the same time will hit a recession this a share will be way much much too high this company like with the big they were to get everybody was laughing from them always makes to fundamentals it s better to get strong fundamentals till will occur will also not only sell also updates its which is in the automotive industry maybe the will not be very after the purchase many people will update their with more autonomy faster acceleration will have more things you could update just a over the download where you think electricity comes from the materials to create the the of the the electricity to power the computer you re reading this the materials inside that computer seriously how does this channel exist why you pretending is innovating something that has been around since the s the electric motor at least we re going in the right to climate at least we re supporting innovative who cares about the environment fun fact there were higher co levels during ice age periods co means absolutely nothing the climate will always your messiah musk side kick bill has fooled you t it make more sense to offer a battery at the entry k nice charts graphs faulty analysis gross of a product means that the cost of to get it out the door is of the price a model s has average price of example the average cost to build it is about including the battery that is about all you can infer from s statement without further assumptions you the battery is of the cost the gross the model has a lower target say average price of k then the target cost to build would be the battery is again assumed to be the cost that would equate to a target of about this is not out of the the many assumptions to reality what about there is another this next year all people that have placed order model out like what happened with the roadster in red go see pimple popper not being funny serious it may help brother had acne all through middle high school her channel does well just like yours more exposure different my wife i will definitely watch either way i appreciate the time you two spend making these videos thanks could you please number the episodes again like time news by the way my is grey every episode guys this com is we have purchased a model x take delivery in we live in we need superchargers in our there of level ii chargers there is a huge gap between with superchargers please know we love your by the way hi you guys bring up some good topics i love the one about the electric ship one ship can a hundred trucks that s a of not entering in the keep up the good guys hi a thanks to both of you your great videos congrats qualifying the factory model event i m you have received of about the model to find the answer to i m hoping you t mind a of additional ones some of them the exterior is it larger smaller the same what you expected some have said it is the size of a model s the people i have talked to say it is what say ye also could you try to find out the actual l w h the interior is it larger smaller the same what you expected can it comfortably seat adults a road trip i m height is what about elbow leg room in the rear some of the reveal videos showed it pretty crowded in the back seat during the in what way is the interior like a space ship any interior forthcoming in reveal not what they more along the lines of is there more what makes the model with the best has anyone configured yet employees any info something special st day reservation holders finally the usual about the to the nose trunk dash that everyone is dying to know about thanks taking the time to consider these k how does people from using their love the red most red in the desert sun soon turns pink the so i am contemplating is silver with white black interior i t ever go in a in area to it being earthquake country the is awesome though interesting story about the autonomous vessel model in forest green it won t happen sadly my is green electric ship you said all the traffic it will take off the roads that means many truck now unemployed all the research before shooting your mouths off united states of imperial not metric thanks why t you just the instead of clumsy episode numbers just idea with the e go i would also want to know about safety a city sounds great that gets fantastic mileage most small very unsafe compared to larger vehicles another prediction boring will end up the scrap heap of bad ideas along with battery swapping charging snakes he will soon that autonomous electric drones will be a much better way to move over traffic will just back up like they already think holes necessary with drones did you just say beheaded t against the i m from great video thanks the update i follow pretty closely those that t you give a good overview of what is thanks some more detailed info well can t get here fast enough huh at in the video simpler smaller cheaper a model ford of the world around the v dc rebellion good here s what s interesting about what you said that the wiring harnesses you seem a knowledgeable guy so you others probably already know the reason that overhead power lines domestic electricity run at high current is because it wastes a less energy heat now given the kilometres of cabling it actually makes sense not to a low high current dc this stuff yes interestingly the wiring harness being massively shortened suggests this is a great idea yet at the same time not really necessary with just metres of wiring harness so we deduce maybe that the method used to obviate all that lovely copper cored wire is only able to carry low currents that suggests spray printed similar s it of some to save wiring at all at the vehicle extremities you have say the rear nearside light cluster it has its own rechargeable battery it has a critically actual physical connection with the power the utilities like lights so with a built in connection a little computer control you can without the power having to run around cables tail because maybe either a pumped through the using the power a wave tells the tail cluster which function to how this would be the thinking i hope wish from musk his women go go we have been waiting you so driving down to from bay area yesterday i saw two wheel trailers packed with model s heading south highway towards until i saw these i t believe there was much i could get one this year now i have higher hopes exciting of all i have been perusing a of model videos find yours to be more based enjoy watching you guys hope you keep it up i have model reservation myself i am still learning the ins outs of the industry driving in nowadays my is what the different levels of autonomy when it comes to driving what those differences in those levels how there is a model owners this model is still to be launched i m so psyched to see how well doing behind the scenes in to pricing not to sound naive anything when i hear that k a model s higher the model x those prices t cheap the average that wants to invest in a alone any electric also since i am hoping to receive a model when it does come out how is addressing the with trading in costs traditional gas powered to help the cost of the new it s funny how you call him like he s your buddy that was cool you adding your the model shareholders event peace blessing enjoy you deserve it great loved the drone s huh love it any word the dual motor model s coming into by years end so we can still take advantage of the credit well model y looks really they not releasing the s model until spring of i thought when we made the reservation they said by fall of says in their latest video that the m will have a real of really we believe that will allow the m to be to the bolt model s you making a precis of the info much from when is the general to purchase individual battery cells at this i feel like the battery cells just musk is s x affiliate with price credit work next time get someone other than to the video engine sounds mean around great spy love this i saw a model yesterday in i had a passenger in the so i t bust a u turn saddest night of my life it was gone soon i went back i think i saw this is what i call a spy red is video is quality looks like the has the shakes buy a tripod something you only had one damn that camera t know spotting was a thing i wonder t cut the grass purpose sells it s at a loss they t gross margin the is around depreciation per is more than the cost of ice will not be any stream competitor to trucks bolt t sell because it s not makers need to the bodies of these ugly like the bolt leaf more like the sleek sedan of how about a great presentation so i did money down i think first k people will get k have down the the model to it does not matter i t get the i drive a plug in the experience has been wonderful i sold a escort highlander to get my i went from spending a month in the insurance payment to a month about a month charging the k the now it is a haven t changed anything the other than payed k it so paying that a does not worry most of my driving is within while the charging network improves i will to my plug in trips i made two reservations the very first day in the morning i am very glad i did now i can buy early model a when it comes out i own a model s built electric thing i also have a model reservation the model s is the best i have ever owned i t ready to order one the ability of them to meet demand this vehicle makes it a great a quick flip at a huge i think will turn out to be chicken feed in the end love the videos keep up the good work not a has a down payment a he s driving a leaf during the wait allows refund reservations because it hypes the number their price should be illegal credit goes to only not to the buyers at all it is a the money we save is not a just think about that you still can the bolt is the same a model what these guys very interesting stuff can t wait my model you make less than k a year you will not get any rebate from the fed you hate so much you say the bolt the model can you take the bolt a road trip a little too much of a apologist why t get the same scrutiny other makers can you a referral a model length of the model is inches not i should really wear my glasses when i edit videos could you explain the chargers a in a video does that mean to my model i have to get a wall there is charging at my apartment complex will this not work with my model has previously stated that model will be steel body though that t mean it ended up that news you think there will be only t we have the fwd at the reveal model s i think we will see a fwd in maybe less colour a huge thank you the videos you provide you dissect the available model i have a of you to consider your forthcoming factory visit what is your of the exterior size of the model is it larger smaller about what you expected to see maybe you can find out all the regarding the interior we know from the reveal videos that there is headroom what about elbow leg room the rear passengers does it feel spacious will the seat adults comfortable a trip some people think the is about the size of a model s employees have told it is wherein is the truth also your take the look the quality of materials of the interior shortly after the reveal you called the a stunner after seeing the in person you still feel this way it would be great you could find out whether anyone has configured yet thanks keep feeding the juicy k i hope you t mind one more take along a small magnet to see what not steel i just want a binnacle gauge cluster well i won t be early adopting anyways so maybe it ll be by the time i m actually back in the states again looking to buy the model t have i ll officially dub this trash tier enjoy your intro sound especially when i listen to these videos in my dreaming of my thank keeping updated well done i m really excited is your model order your first will model be able to a trailer a t over heat down u can t the video please include metric numbers next time is there a battery degradation your measuring a high tech new with inches dear k i m going all the autopilot add the roof this is i hate carpet in i get so the less the better then i want a different than just black my it s totally gonna be t talk about s like our people can t afford s is good to talk about could you move your little i t need to watch you i love your videos they re so helpful i wanted to ask about the battery how does it last after a amount of time you have to it hey my friend i have a request you here comes the story my sister needs to get a because her is years old it starting to give her problems i told her to look inn the model because we all know it s the way to go i been showing her videos to help her with her research i found this one that is very good that the difference between new used i haven t found a good ice here s the video be i would you be interested to make one like this i know you made some about ownership cost i think one like the one above would help a of people thank you hi i am one of the reservation holders in that filled the model tracker info in fact it is my that is messing up the median what happens is that you choose undecided the about the battery size then the model tracker will only consider the cost of the when you process the from model tracker info you should also look at the column battery is marked undecided you should discard that hope it helps to make better estimates hi at roof i saw solar does that mean solar panel holy crap this video is boring to watch i want to learn about a website i can just go to the website like i some entering a including tax rebates here in i m eligible a rebate the is most likely inconsistent in this that many of the early reservations were placed with the idea that they would get the model k less the tax credit when they that this is not the they will not be able to afford the average k price with tax credit they may back out of their reservation i can a market where someone sells their early a fee some bidding website to someone with the money is unwilling to think you pretty much the money with your estimate of how much these going to be the sad thing is most of the people getting a model will either lease it take out a year loan which means they really can t actually afford it t get one i bet half of the deposit it a credit card haven t even paid the deposit off yet while they may be able to float it from a cash flow standpoint it is still expensive depreciating asset in you guessing it right we under crisis here we only less than people there with the lowest pay per count that all right is the k off a only in the looks like you got a nice shout out from today congrats co model average price sorry to say the is still way too much expensive to be considered a the typically the majority of people buy used they can t afford new ones to begin with the typical is some spread over a period of five to years that s the statistics i mind you where people crazy about their so yeah the price a out of the factory needs to come down to to be of any interest the mass market otherwise it ll be a novelty like the s the biggest problem with this is that tax is not included in tax must be included in the advertised price it is around that means that a in will be k more expensive which your results quite a expect a model to easily hit k in the pricing model tracker info is ludicrously low the tracker says my will cost i m expecting the same to cost i m curious how would with more realistic estimates of the prices i can not log in to the website i have created my account i have verify it still can not to see what you get i wonder included with that price morons who reserve a that t even in the market yet who spends guaranteed the price will be much higher it gets into the market a vehicle they have never seen driven i am staggered that such people exist i could visit my neighbourhood gm dealer drive a bolt review the entire pick the model i want be driving it the same day knowing exactly what it is i bought so dumb these people even worse these based upon the model s a vehicle owned by the rich hey to those who reserved their model say duh subscriber i haven t seen a single person who k k a new that is crazy nowadays someone buys a new he usually sells it after k of probably i personally every years that is usually k ice degrade fast technology becomes outdated too with it will even be more noticeable they continuously improving years of ownership is quite crazy in the past did a system it never get to market because at the time it was extremely said at one that the model body would be steel is more expensive than steel the size of the model is less than the model s not there is a a hood safety feature see com they bend the flange of the at a degree so that it will collapse in the event of a that down the hood this gives about of additional deflection to absorb the of a pedestrian this is a in all likelihood is used all also referenced is u s pat which discloses a hood liner that stiffens the hood along its periphery within the liner is a hollow with a weakened bottom side wall during the weakened wall allowing deflection of the hood reduced this is not a i t know implements it another referenced is u s pat which discloses hood system that is designed to by moving the vehicle hood into elevated within to milliseconds of the detection of a between a pedestrian the vehicle by elevating the hood the between the hood the pedestrian is lessened resulting in a lower this is not a someone running their into a kangaroo found that their hood popped up per the so does implement this at least in markets where it is mandated such there is also u s pat which discloses alternate method of the severity of head in pedestrian vehicle the disclosed approach a hood panel that is designed to absorb energy at ideal a variety of hood panel disclosed each of which includes outer panel mounted beneath the panel that is designed to absorb the energy during panel deformation this is a motors it most closely resembles the soft method described in the video i t know implements it great glad to see again thought he had gotten a real we had lost him hey guys could you please describe in detail how currently their i m in upstate the closest repair is in new i read the model s see people waiting months to get their back you could go over the repair warranty who is responsible flat bedding the to a repair shop my concern is i have a problem with my m is overwhelmed with repairs across the country i fall into a of waiting m aware that model reservation holders who live in can receive their model first i live in is it to my to so i can just pick it up ship it myself i m not my breath this how amazing would it be day reservation holders to get a free upgrade to autonomy when it eventually given that all now come with autonomy it technically t cost anything to this initially yes they would out the additional of the upgrade from this group knowing how likes to big bold things i t it past him to something bigger than just a special again not my breath excited nonetheless is hardly oil rich country i think they import all nearly all of their petroleum sorry this is a repeat regardless of small mistakes i enjoy the just spotted the white one this morning skyline blvd near headed south model known facts being way better than the bolt model will have less than em quoted the night of the reveal we hope to exceed these since the bolt was rated at em responded to the tweet will model have more than the bolt with this yea of little faith despite announcing i expect a a side is not oil rich country quite the actually is more of a regional high tech hub that is pretty much completely dependent oil import so high gas prices thus the t a thing keep video lengths why the help chew the info the rushers can watch something else i love the way they provide the info back forth highlights then more info refine what you guys already doing you have something already you t have to be like the other tom dick harry i decided to my model it was has anyone idea at what in the reservation list i know late d red spotted in ca over the memorial day weekend noticed also in spy that some of the release have numbers the rear side window red one has the number from co model carousel the to mailbag time screams out a sound effect especially since it has its own logo graphic it appears you were taken a sucker at the model event there was new special that you received that t already known to the you got suckered in to pay the trip all you got was a cardboard copy one of ten thousand others printed of a drawing of the model s t you a little mad will i be able to all of the smaller chargers like at kohl s some how those guys very cool channel keep i am curious how you think a new model battery will last in years how will the keep updating m there was a red model spotted out in the wild odds that ll be they t bring one out say it won t be that s the i will be getting bait bullshit they doing go team hi needed to take a screen shot from the video of the wheels a post featuring your video with credits is it huge amount of new footage from different work i love to hear the sound of gas engines struggling to keep up with electrics is that a new wheel it t look broken down just looks like product development work it has got a rear motor you know that looks like it s testing autopilot maybe some of vehicle model s following the track just my because otherwise the is really having judging exit speeds at the track great to sneak those shots wow the camera work was pretty rough might not be a breakdown it they re tweaking testing the battery low state of cutoff basically testing the the tools that they brought were to bypass the lockout so they could drive it away afterwards dunno how likely that is hey stalkers there is engine there electric motor paparazzi that area where you went is the old factory has of their battery operation over there that is a really nice looking the line just at the of the back lights looks good of great glad he t get pissed off you were following him time to fix bugs before launch wow nice hi used your link with in a post linking here hope it s it s not i ll take it down here com model spy congrats this great footage what being made to address worker safety what you think of southern s increase in insurance premiums will offer a package deal the purchase of a solar roof power wall any update new directors that you re to add to the board any insights the audio system repairs model how will you handle the model in states without what s relaxing after work music movies work more you expecting a totally new to be built the model y how you allocate your time across your different companies hours of work per shift that s that s great you you a workaholic can work h week not all that interesting you know this feels like a up with the blank background him just with a mic his of the joke should found out quite a while ago that hurts costs kills please go look examples there we learned things the hard way could you link to which seems difficult to find thanks posting hey buddy a i find this videos any where else keep buddy a because i find this videos any where else keep the will be a game i actually made myself a popcorn this video they have space why haven t they just built storey so would not be the best to carry out a terrorist hit run bad joke insurance would make a difference product owners quit the factory because they t sell enough to justify that much space now it s too small people the floor yet the government focuses oil gas coal fossil fools what s his boring company that he discussed the small one with little amount of he looks quite burned want to say something about the insurance thing could it be that insurance is going up owners because they want you to buy one the of going to decrease because of autonomous driving was smart too hes still a rich felon too only stole up to about only used one shell company a dozen worldwide only screwed poor screws everyone worldwide is good is the rich people only thanks the wheel drive make much more sense can kill with autonomous thank you vault coming up one year since i stood in line to my order it would really be great to finally know the list the pricing it would also be nice to know when dealerships going to get a model at least a display model did you cancel you reservation when you got the s i never saw a video explaining why you to get the s instead of wait the everyone is all wrong about the model musk never promised a that s just feature envy from the foolish you t need it to drive the the demo vehicles at the stockholder s announcement had all the stuff you need the display is everyone missing that the model is the from another display means mo money you want the fancy stuff get s x i am disappointed that the changed i loved the snub look it s so different from anything else i liked that i am not disappointed in the lack of features off of the i expected it i just think they were not clear enough from the start that only lower end will be available at start i t want nor i look i will model i think plenty of people will cancel orders because when you have to fork over the cash you will not want to especially because you can get a of those features ice less t have to worry about changing i will go with the i t have the money to get more with the damn exchange this will cost around i expect to get the before i reserved in march just honestly why is not offering to allow automotive journalists the opportunity to view assess the model even the model is sold out of the next years the back order s to be filled first still need to the rest of the world regarding the that will the way we all look at transportation did this with the model s while the was still in it sold outstandingly well entry offering from the then fledgling company gm even with the bolt allowed the automotive s to look get a feel the before it hit the market i am still pondering the reason that gm built such a dorky looking vehicle the bolt when in the s it built such a futuristic looking that inspired many to why they killed the electric movement before it could even look at economy of scale to produce them cost effectively the need sustainable energy is even now than back then gm could have had a the world back then to not be innovators dual motor at launch big deal we in need to wait additional years maybe anyway officer i was going in mph i can explain i own a model we t have a heads up s all we need yet another shill model t was available in any colour people wanted that colour was black incentives take months to after the limit is reached will not be big big battery is also big will take a while so others can be made time i ll be glad to take a basic lack of cluster the dashboard will be model s greatest failure it would be really sad to see a beautiful destroyed by sheer by by not heeding the customers with out cluster dashboard looks like the model has a battery also said that model will go further than the bolt sadness over the interior so bloody now say it so all the u folks in one entire video about nothing a few at the end of doing a circle funny to see to see you had such a good time i saw you in a of the other guy s videos too i t like the lips the of the looks love when people press the crosswalk button it t actually anything most of the time people in cities would complain lights took so so the government invented the crosswalk button you hit it magically the light except that was false in many scenarios the button is actually the effect the is going to at some you hit the button it soon then you say it was because of the button when in actuality it was just the time there some that work the majority t this is extremely noticeable in i think it s more of a midsize sometimes it looks big thanks that first made dizzy the will never x the seats in times better the back seats of is paying over is crazy the fascia of the is the most beautiful glad they did not it the video i like this you tried good to mix it up more of these did they make you sign i drive around this fair of it occurs to where all the electric there so many hot looking new models the road today the cruise the focus the even the is a great looking hot hatch gear loves to call them the list goes honestly gm ford could make a all electric at a reasonable price there s be a of s the road any of the makers had any real foresight they d be talking to would be making right now were those shoes nice where can i see the shots taken by the guy with the at the end great wow city of needs to get their weed abatement under control our deadline is it s first season in you have to understand how boring it is to walk up around a highway industrial pushing crosswalk buttons the desert is boring wonder it s inhabitants so drab you sir just earned a subscriber nice so where is the factory the behind the camera this was easily my episode of your really enjoyed seeing the behind the scenes footage with you my other great all the channels i watch where there you all sponsored paid by get a free paid it just seams to to be to big a coincidence that you all another great video enjoyed it very much another great video covering your gathering you live in a video keep producing quality tech great great of s old stomping grounds hi you know it s to buy the model x without the shiny cover of the seats like the one in the video i love how upbeat you guys keep up the great videos i saw in a video your there was you mind telling i currently have a model s want to upgrade to i have a reservation yet how much smaller is the model than the s from the picture at the end it looked tiny so jealous i wanna go thank you taking along to your amazing journey the new model x was that big trending at you guys all awesome watch em every re getting some great shots can you describe your camera setup in more detail what kind of mic you using too best episode you have ever done beautiful flow of this should be a how much of a view of model you got what you re able to say to the however did you get a too look at a model from a family s of view how s the backseat kids drink holders ease seats you think the interior is kid tough would love x way out of my price may hold out y not thanks ken great live presentation guys i have a that up with another model forgot the name they mentioned that the autopilot was a subscription yearly fee please tell that is not the thank guys some reason the mad s shirts remind of the end title sequence to the television speed racer i may have to get all hey guys thank you all that you i just recently ordered a model shirt from the website to my appreciation to represent of i had a quick though you know how the autopilot in the model s the lane markings the traffic nearby the blue steering wheel to you know when autopilot is available have you ll seen any of this functionality the model screen i think that is very especially since autopilot can t be used in all at the hey guys you know after removing the kw h also offer any more the smart the roof the model s you know why any idea i know a of people based comments such i seen online were really hoping the the model i even saw a rendering of it personally i d glad they t include it i love the of the model s x this i think it looks much better more without the i ll wait a dual model y should be a nice upgrade a roomier cabin regarding the roof of the model i first thought it d be regular metal lately i been hearing that all glass will be specially now that the model s comes with all glass roof thoughts saw blue one yesterday hwy thank you all the you the the updates you guys doing great the at the end of the video idea those that interested i just used the license size pictures of the trunk open to estimate the size of the trunk opening i calculate inches width the opening seems reasonable since the series has a inch opening mad thanks all the you offered it looks like a busy day here you mentioned the about the new wheels that the release have you know will include the wheels from the red shell at the i really like those wheels voice commands steering wheel mic is technically spaceship like controls think trek this is in of your at around in the video thanks keep up the great work why they in instead of the other side of the bay where the factory is located how about a want a i live in i think that they will expand to southern it will be great the remains how will it take to be in my of the world perhaps you can get that answer my hell did you find it wow whats the price level starting out panel how you feel paying k a how you feel knowing its workers like guess what you won t save the planet with that shit i was so ready to one the boot killed it what i would have wanted is something with the capacity between a a a everything else like the dashboard i t really like a with a bad the dashboard although strange still hatchback fail revolution what is the name of the song playing crap looks a dorky to be honest it might be the best most people can afford looks like a incredible achievement i am in dashboard nice joke i like i ll dislike the video anyway because it s e will kill this my even views you pathetic will the will only live to expectations it can produce enough how does a company that produces x less per week is worth more than one that does what a to wall because it s am with insurance in you guys know of a possibly cheaper insurance company to go with who will have my back i get in submit a claim i hope the wheels paint by was a of not being able to pick interior would really be i bet there a few more choices available even to start love your the reason people want to pay is really portability i want to have my music with especially in my with nice voice my wife i go in appointment to spec out our model s i wanted to tell you thank you your videos we end up purchasing we will your referral it will be a few weeks until we the trigger buying i wanted to tell you thank you the updates over time with everything going with these obviously the s crap they would have people actually see them not just at a thank you the new is old new the reactor in the thing was a joke from him trump is the old like in you really good videos new stuff how about one forward view camera that the curbs clearance with coil you re hot i love you videos so much more since you decided to make them last than a thank you your great invest in a n mic would take your channel to another planet ref amazon com a anniversary b viewers you going to get the new model so when t forget to out the latest tips blog at com list z shop around insurance prices prices vary up to dude embrace hate 