 30/ 00compared to what???Arable land should not be sacrificed to solar arrays.Better than bird blenders.I'm about to open a solar cell silicon manufacture factory with my father's friend and his son :DI'm from Chile and the info at 3:17 has never been heard here...In the introduction you try to make solar power look amazing. But it isn't. It's simply about using daylight. Basta. Solar may or may not be a reasonable energy source of the future, but it isn't amazing to use it.
When it comes to the wow-factor, fossils and nuclear have the factor on their side. Fossils are taken out of the ground. They're taken from deep deep down. It's the counterpiece to flying high. When you take a flight, you're not only flying high, you do so by using a fuel that's been taken from deep down in the Earth, about as deep as how high you fly or even deeper.
Nuclear is the counterpiece of space travel. Space travel is about flying through the big universe. Nuclear is about using the smallest thing we know: center of an atom. Microchips are a technology of making things very small, but the nucleus is even smaller. In chemistry, elements stay the same. The chemist can't transform one element into another. In the use of nuclear power, elements ARE transformed into other elements.
Those energy sources with the next-best wow-factor are water and geothermy. Water, when you build big dams and control an even bigger body of water with them and geothermy where you take something from deep out of the earth.Now that many of you got very enthusiastic about solar, think about this. You have $100,000 to invest today, you have a choice between EXXON and SOLARCITY and you are going to need this money to send kids to school in 7-10 years. You don't have to answer on this forum, because we all knew what it will be. Production is not a problem; storage is.Oil is not a fossil fuelPower Storage is still a huge issue, the cost of solar panels per watt has decrease but the cost associated with the transmission and storage has not.  Power lines are not cheap and you cannot use them free of charge as many home solar power producers have realized.  Affordable storage is still many years off.The truth,  it's crap !This video omits to mention the huge externalities solar creates as a result of its tendency to undergo common mode surges and slumps in output. These common mode surges and slumps essentially mean that the entire system cost of electricity production goes up as solar power accounts for a larger proportion of total generation. This cost of solar power is currently hidden because, as I mentioned, it is realized as an externality borne by the thermal power plants (which are almost always fossil-fueled) that act as solar generators' back-up power.What makes the most sense is approaching energy production without bias.   Too many people pushing solar are ideologically biased against other energy sources like oil and coal.   Solar has an important place and indeed will likely someday be the dominant source of power - I am all for it.   However, that day has not yet arrived and we still very much need oil, coal, and Nuclear.   When we put ridiculously overkill regulations on these sources that needlessly drive up the cost to consumers, people are getting hurt.  For example, here in the United States, the law of diminishing returns means that a long time ago we reached the point where additional regulations caused significant increases in cost for insignificant decreases in pollution.   The result over the last 10 years has been a 40% increase in the cost of electricity for perhaps an unmeasurable improvement in air quality.  We need a sensible balanced approach, not a jihad against sources of power we very much still need.Wow, I am from Chile, and the fact about energy dropping to 0 is so wrong. Actually energy cost in Chile has been rising substantially in the last years, and today the energy is a private business (not even chilean) and the cost in one month is about 120 US dollars (or even more) So, we have solar energy, but we don't even see it.You produce very good quality videos, buy on this sadly you are barking up the wrong tree. 

I encourage you to take an in-depth look a molten salt reactors. Look up Kirk Sorensen. I believe he will go down in the annals of history as the Stepfather of nuclear power, as he's the driving force toward this power solution.Your citation: 'Solar power's price will soon rival coal's'.  Doesn't that presume subsidies for solar as well as regulations on coal?awesomefree energysick music @ the startsolar freakin roadways
WELL DONE video! I do partial off-grid home solar here in Oklahoma. We have abundant sun/wind to work with. The problem there is also a lot of oil/natural gas in this state. And being a bleeding red conservative state...renewable energy gets pushed aside by the state government. "Using" electricity makes THEM money...so, they squash it here. Pathetic.Authorities on this subject seem to strongly suggest using a deep cycle battery and NOT a car battery for these uses. Deep cycles are designed to be slowly drained and charged up. Car batteries are designed to give a huge amount of power at one time and are not meant be drained down very much. If taken down too far you can kill the battery and it may not recharged.Awesome video!! Thank you!!Good video
Like and subscribe
look my video too
like  from the garbage to make solar powerHello friend, I'm Allen from Chinese inverter manufacturer, are you interested in solar inverter?  My whatsapp number is +8618306619606. Email：sales6@solarinverter.cc  Official website is www.solarinverter.ccHi, nice video, thanks !
I have a question :
If you connect the solar panel to the charge controller and the load ti the charge controller too. On a sunny day should your load get power ? Note there are no batteries !
What do you feel ?I learn a lot just by reading all of your comments and answers in this video and I thank you for that.. great job.Question ; If it's been rainy and gloomy for a few days and I'm running low on power....... can I run a gasoline generator and hook up a 12v car battery charging unit that's plugged into the generator and wire it directly onto the batteries?  Will the controller read the charging levels from the car battery charger as it would with the solar panels, and will it be risky and can cause damage?  Or can I simply remove the negative and positive from the controller cables and then hook the positive and negative from the car battery charging unit onto the batteries?  Also, will the car battery charger even be sufficient enough to supply enough juice for the battery to be charged, or is it just a waste of time and equivalent of just using the AC supplied outlet on the generator itself?Thank you. Good vidThanks can you do a video for a 100 watt with a marine battery? And what inverter and battery and panel to buy for a van?Thanks, with price in each item helps a lot to understand how much it really cost.This video inspired me. It was simple and intuitive and encouraged me to fit out my 4x4 with a 200w permanent mount panel, the same pwm 30A charge controller as you had and a 105A deep cycle battery to run my fridge/freezer and all manner of 12v camping goodies.  Thank you buddy, it all works flawlessly.Want a career in the solar field? Check out the online course "How to get a job in the solar field - bit.ly/solarjobcourseWhats pure wave in electricity? Because some seller recomend me to buy inverter dc ac pure wave that the price expensive (more than US$2000)awesome job very well done, just shows people the potential for off the grid livingcan i use 280 watt solar panels for this as well? and how?great video mate, how long will the fridge work with a fully loaded battery ?thank youthis is awesome video, thank you for sharing your information and great job for sharing this..what kind of battery can i use??? how can i check the capacity when i buy one?+mjlorton Just thought I'd give you a little geography lesson. If you look at a map of North America there's a country North of the USA called Canada, it's about the size of the entire continent of Europe. I've heard you mention almost every English speaking country save Canada so I assume you're horrible at geography. Oh, Canada is also a G7 country. Google it and read.Hi I'm building a small solar system and I have a few questions I have 4 75watt 5 amp panels and a 30 amp mppt 12/24/48/100 volt input  charge controller I want to wire my panels in series because they are over 75 feet away can I put 5 amps 48 volts into my charge controllerI am busy investing in acquiring a solar system business and find your videos very informative and easy to understand. Thank you and I will be following all your solar related tutorials.I loved the Video Great information.
I give free solar Quotes all around Colorado and surrounding states.
We even have programs with no money out of pocket!
Take advantage 

Rockysolar.com

Free give away with in home audit.
SEE IF YOU QUALIFY
HOMEOWNERS only at the moment.

God Bless
Warmest Regards,
Rocky Abbadi

Facebook- Rocky Abbadi
Message me for details!In several states in the US they charge you for using solar power, there is no more credits. Nevada and Utah charge you a fee to add solar panels they say they were loosing too much money.Nice movie. However you can learn about it more. Just google for Stodoys instructions.Olá ! também tenho um sistema off grid em meu país , o seu é ótimo mesmo parabéns...Thank you so much. I have subscribed.  Very informative and helpful for this California lady. :)The explanation is so satisfying... Really informative and educational.. subscribedVery informative video!   I'm getting ready to build a tiny home, which  I'll run me around $12,000.  It will be completely off the grid with wood stove for heating and a solar system for electric power.  I just did a  video on my YouTube channel showing what my solar panels can do!  Check it out and let me know what you think?can i use an on grid system without having to "donate" energy to my government? (in my country there nobody uses solar energy and there is no government subsidize if my energy foes back to the grid).hi what happens if there is a grid failure in case of Grid tie systemshow do you protect your solar power system from lightening or other electrical catastophies?just starting out.. looking into this system.. as an alternative.. thank you.. a good start..most people can't afford all that equipment i am moving to a Mobil home i want to live off grid but can't afford all the equipment. i can afford 100 watts solar panels system for 166.00 . how would someone live off the grid on a budget.nicenice sir,I from india.thank you for your ultimate video for home solar.I need one more video which is exactly based on solar plant on grid with complete wiring and equipments use so that I can understand well.smarter.  *ANCIENT ELECTRICITY DEVICE*
*Find out how you can build a cost free energy generator.*

https://plus.google.com/111694524490610597247/posts/Vhy4m6amQdhthank you, it is very beneficial vidioBut the real question is....will it blend?Can you use an uninterruptable power supply device with Solar panels or is this just crazy idea?Good explanation, I just have a question of what solar panel watt would be good hooked up to two batteries to power up a small 12v TV for a couple of hours thanks Hi could a wind turbine be fitted to the charge controller aswell? Many thanks.Hi, I have a GS-STAR-50w Solar Panel and a 12V Battery (both brand new). Can I set it up the same way as this video?Hi, great video I get how it works but how do you actually connect such as a pc plug to the system, i plan on using a system like this to run the home pc a couple of hours a day, usually at night but how do i actually physically connect the system to a uk plug ?????????????????????? hope u can help, thanks, leeHow much panels and batteries do you need for your whole house?How would you get the power from the batteries into the whole house with a larger system?I have the same system stowed away. My camp is on the grid. I have them incase of a long term outage. All electronics including the batteries are stored in a nested faraday cage.I see your charge controller only has input for panels and output for batteries, whereas others have a 3rd, an output for the "load" 

is there any difference in getting a controller which has a "load" output and connecting an inverter there, or a controller with no load output just the battery output and connecting the inverter at the battery?I'm just wondering, how much does all of this cost? I'm considering installing one in my house for just my old t.v. What is the cheapest i could spend with this and how much would that be? Thanks :)Positively excellent explanation on the subject, good job.Thank you for this.  I am chasing this now!Thanks :-)Thanks desertsun02, great info. I have a 120w folding panel with what I thought was a controller  inbuilt on the back. So I attached this to the battery, which is now screaming its lungs out at me with a red light. could that be because I left the inverter attached to the battery or do I need to add a charge controller. PS battery is 105deep cycle and inverter 600W. Cheers and thanks again for the info, nice and clear easy to understand for a dumbo like meThis is an awesome video. I have a few questions as well and I would really appreciate it if you could assist me!
I have a cabin in my forest property and we wanted to power it with a solar panel or two. We have access to panels that are 36 volts at 10 amps.
We are planning to only run a TV, a decent amount of [led]string lights, a stereo, and a heater in the cabin (not all at once).

Should I use one or two of the 36 volt, 10 amp solar panels? I'm thinking one, but I just want to be sure.
Would I be able to use a 2000 watt inverter? Or what do you suggest?
I'm assuming I should use a 36 volt charge controller?
Should I use three batteries?

Thank you in advance!excellent videogthi, great video, my question is how do you know what gauge wires to select for the setup? how do you calculate this to get the right ones?how much power dose it provided?Great Video! If I am powering a car radio and speakers with a car battery and hooked up a solar panel directly to the battery to keep it charged while in use, will I run into any problems? How can I calculate the size of the panel I would need? Thank you!Great help mate!!Hi so...the second example doesn't need any battery???   Thanks!!!Hi, I get the idea but how do you actually connect such as a pc to the system i.e how do you physically connect the plug, I plan on using a system like this to run a home pc for a couple of hours a night, i get i would need to charge the battery which isnt a problem but then how do i connect the charged battery, thanksI have a question. If i connect a 50W solar panel through the charge control to the battery it would just charge the battery no problem? Nothing else needed?
Btw battery is 12v 75ah.
Thanks in advance!Would be a huge help ^^/I would suggest to clear the grid-tied system a little bit better. You may keep the previous connection and add inverter to the battery and you may do your demo. Why did not you do that?What are the cords names so I can get them?What if I wanted to use a 12V DC device without storing energy? Can I just plug it directly to the solar panel?What's the specifications  of our charge controllercan a simple system like this be used around the clock; i.e. for an aquarium pump/filter. Are there risks for burning out the batteries (thus must more be used in order to increase the amount of storage available...can you connect both systems to store power and use it as AC?great video... loved ithi...question??? how  can I curl my hair with solar?how long a 10w solar panel can charges a battery fori was wondering if i could connect the inverter to solar charge controller in the load. is it ok or a bad idea? 
my goal is to be able to connect my laptop.my solar install did it myself

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_Eb9VhXm-0thank you Year video helped me a lot and answered all of my questions pretty much thank you againvery educational. 
very easy.
i clicked on the like button
will this work for apond?And this is why we need to invest in scientific research to make solar panels and wind towers more efficient. The amount of solar energy reaching our planet is enormous. It's not dilute. We just only utilise less than 1% of it. Once we advance our technology to be more efficient at gathering it, it will be enough to sustain us.

In a meantime, as some have pointed out, nuclear energy is a very good alternative. Not nuclear fission, which produces a lot of toxic waste products, but nuclear fusion - the same process that occurs in the stars like our Sun, which is much cleaner and more efficient at producing energy. Again, to make this work, we need to invest in scientific research to make it possible for us to create conditions necessary for nuclear fusion reactions. We are in fact already very close to achieving that.

Now, I could be wrong about this and perhaps someone could correct me if I am, but I am pretty sure it's possible to store energy in an electrical form in capacitors. We just need to be able to make them work on a large scale.Are you being paid by the fossil fuel industry or are you regurgitating their misinformation for free? If it's the latter, that's pretty dumb for a so-called university.Can we rely on wind & solar?

The oil companies that sponsor us told us to tell you no because it would be bad for their businesses to simply share scientific facts.

- Prager UEveryone commenting on this video likes to pretend they are the preeminent experts on energy production, whether it be for renewables or fossil fuels,  it I think we can all agree that you're all dumb pompous assclowns who are desperate need of a blowjob.Everyone screaming Nuclear in the comments Haha! I don't think that's what Prager U wanted. Next they'll release a video as to why Nuclear sucks. Come on guys fossil fuels aren't that bad.... It's only causing climate change, kills American energy independence by making America dependent on Saudi Arabian/Canadian oil, is a limited resource that'll dry up in the next 150 years, will get more expensive the longer we use it (read resource economics), cost tax payers billions in government subsidies to clean up methane leaks and oil spills, causes health problems for anyone that lives near power plants, keeps you connected to a grid, and a partridge in a pear tree.I cringed when he asked "How do you store electricity"





I DUNNO, MAYBE BATTERIES!!!I thought that the German people produce so much energy by solar panels at homes that the excess energy goes to mains power linesIs it just me or does this guy look like he's being held at gun point?Molten Metal Battery problem solved and we don't need fancy or big we need small and everywhereNo but we can rely on nuclear.Nuclear fusion papuNuclear? Cheap nuclear?? You are kidding right. You mean the nuclear so called industry that cannot exist without constant tax payer handouts to even stay in so called business. You mean the low cost of supplying the billions and potentially trillions it takes just to clean up the mess from building them in the first place. You mean like cheap Fukushima or Chernoble?
Such idiocy. As someone who has been in the solar and wind movement for over 45 years I can state with all certainly that there in no market for either source. Strip away the artificial demand created by more tax payer handouts and both industries would die overnight.
How about the fact that I now have over 700kw's of brand new solar panels just stacked up along with inverters etc and I cannot even give them away.
Panels that sold with the handouts for up to $4.50/watt just a few years ago are now being given away for as low as 25 cents/watt. That's less than it cost to manufacture them. How long will that go on.
And for all you moron's that scream they want to get rid of all fossil fuels and go wind and solar? I do hope you like those mud roads while you scurry around as later day hunters and gatherers looking for food. What do i mean?
All paved roads use the waste product of crude oil refining to create the tar in macadam roads. A waste product that is priced accordingly. In other words close to free so far as the un-Obtainium you will never find as a replacement. And so what do you do about the 10 calories of fossil energy contained in every calorie of food you eat. Substitute some solar electrons for those complex hydrocarbons? Good luck.
So keep whistling past the graveyard folks. You will never replace crude oil, the only substance that created %100 of all that we now call modern life with wind or solar or Unicorn shit or even poisoned gamma rays from overpriced and deadly steam boilers.
Time to take the blue pill I suppose.One thing the video did not explain. Gas, coal, oil or fission boilers take 12 to 17 hours to heat up for grid operations.
That is to say, you can not shut them down even if the wind is blowing or solar because the grid would not supply demand.
So utility companies would be spending money, (our money) on an expensive TOTAL WASTE OF TIME. The boilers will be cooking away all the time, not saving anything. Build more boilers and spend on transmission lines.Tesla gave us the answer long ago. Government surpresses knowledge of the electric universe to keep us dependent on the status quo. Electric universe can provide unlimited energy but tptb want to keep you on the yoke and meter.The province of Ontario, CANADA is having stellar results with wind and solar. Aahahahahahahha! I'm kidding! GO OIL!This guy is a f@$%ing tool.This guy looks sketchy af and I'm not trusting him lmaooYou forgot: There is also water flows in the ocean that will keep delivering energy over and over again. Problems to store you say? Batteries to charge I say. If we would accept to invest a lot of more now it would bring us and our nature to a better point in just 10 years, but they don't want it. It's all about money and force, nothing more or less.only problem with the intermittency argumentis that wind power plants can store wind energy over time.#TeamFinlandHope that Indonesia can develop this future.. heheheI wish I could put solar panels on my house. Screw coal and oil.It is just awesome Stupidity of nations is killing me, especially Arab nations, they have Saharas and Rub Alkhali and these two alone are 10050000km squared space that is SAND. don't take space as an excuse PLEASE. rub alkhali alone could power the entire globe.That moment when you live en Seattle :vThink of jobs we could make with this. :)This is what Elon Musk is trying to do.We can build it?? Why dont we,oh yeahh politic,they want us to pay for electricityawsomehttps://www.facebook.com/keithwaynemusic/posts/265170107259585it all boils down to politics and money. if all desire this, we will improve and apply.nigeriaso its so hot here and eveyday is always 26-31C° so i think its good to build one.............,if i had money...solar panels make more energy during cloudy winter days than even summer. Because when it snows, it reflects more and shiny. As a prove, snowboarder and any other man in winter wears sun glasses. TED-Ed please, do more researches before informing something.this help and is a really solotuion for the solar energy here i leave to go direct...very informational good jobvery informative. thank youwell the big desert in Egypt and i have solar project too, but it's sad to be in country like 
  this and we don't use solar power at all , hmmm feels bad :''(8:15 11 times because the solar panel is taking in energy as wellA third energy source which is not solar is geothermal.Algea.... ALgea is life Algea is love Algea is the future!   1km squared of Algea = more energy and very cheap to produce...Can you guys do a video on carbon sequestration in forests? (please <3)Good job making this vid, helped me a lot in my research project for Geography, thank youI get tired of hearing about "we can't get all our power from xxx." So what? We won't do it anyway, so why whine about it?

Like with investments, diversification evens returns and reduces variability. For example, wind provides power at different times than solar; thus, using both produces more consistent levels of power than either alone.

Also, we don't use anywhere near as much power at night as we do during the day. Solar is thus ideal for matching that use pattern. Yes, other energy sources may be needed at nigh, but see the note about diversification.

Finally, let's get off this paradigm about producing power when we need it and instead think how to use power when it's produced. Instead of storing generic power at the grid level, what uses of power can be time-shifted at the end of the line? HVAC is one--when excess power is generated, use it to freeze water to relieve the AC unit when there is insufficient power generated. Battery electric vehicles are another--notify & incentivize customers to charge their cars & other devices at times of over-production. Especially with the battery EVs, it's storage that exists regardless, thus doesn't add cost, so why not use it to also balance the grid?I know a solar to energy converter .... PlantsI wasn't burning any insects, but instead i enjoyed inscribing all sorts of swearwords on every wood surface i could get a good focus on.I'm sorry mate but this is a great William Shatner impression.  Thank God you stopped in later episodesInteresting movie, but PLEASE stop saying nonsense because you don't know the difference between power (Watt) and energy (Watt-seconds or kilowatt-hours).Need to offer up a correction: saying that the 'the largest power plants in the US' produce 1 GW isn't true.  Even accounting for how outdated this video is in regard to things like the advent of combined-cycle gas plants (which range up to 2.4 GW, and an 800 MW is considered small), the average nuclear power plant in the US has been putting out ~1.6 GW for the last decade or more.  A 1 GW nuclear plant is little.  The largest ones are putting out 2.5 ish GW, not counting the staggeringly big 3 unit plant in Arizona that generates 4 GW.   I know '1 GW' makes for convenient math, but when this video was made it wasn't accurate about nuclear power, and these days its not accurate about gas either.This might have been commented already, if that's the case I'm sorry. 
If your body would absorb the incoming energy from the sun, it would be 1500 watts of energy you said. 
Do you mean 1500 watts (joule/s) while the sun is shining  on you or do you mean 1500 joule total for a year (which is nothing). 
Im guessing it's 1500j/s (aka watts) which is a lot but i would like some clarification. Great show btw!To see the simple energy plan that will fix our economic, energy, and environmental problems, *google truth contest* and read the Green Energy section. Then read "The Present" to see the truth about life and death in the 1st 3 pages.You are completely lost on the science and economics of Solar.  PV with battery, no subsidy, 6x times cost of grid-tie from the utility in most areas. And, that is not calculating battery replacement costs in 10 years (if you are good at battery management).  Grid tied sans subsidy real payback is 13 years if you know how to add up the panel degredation, battery degredation... Depreciation is a cost, not a benefit!

You need 2x the batteries for storage because you cannot drain lead acid more than 50% without burning through them in a few years. 30% is better: So 3x the batteries. Of course that will require more panels to charge them. Lithium Ion is better but they cost more per amp hour and require a battery manager on each cell. 

Now for the diurnal nature of the sun caused by that thing called the tilt of the earth: Well, we get about 3 hours of sun per day in the winter thats useful, so, multiply by 8 for the winter in terms of batteries and panels to get you through. 

We're not done yet! Now you need 2x to 3x your needs to cover for cloudy days. And, if you live somewhere like Seattle, forgitboutit.   The costs go on and on and on. 

Now if you attach too much of this to the grid the grid becomes unstable. And, if you want to do it with large solar farms, you have to have spinning reserves of natural gas peaker plants. If you want to go pumped storage same problem. Economics of pumped storage are worse than spinning reserve. Ever hear of evaporation? 

Concentrated PV does not work either. The mirror system you displayed has to have natural gas to work and cooks birds that fly over. 

Don't even let me get started on greenhouse gases from manufacture of the panels: chemicals 13,000, 23,000 and 27,000x more greenhouse reactive relative to carbon dioxide. Good thing: They are parts per billion so they only add up to the carbon dioxide equivalent of making the panel. Bad thing: Have you ever tried to vacuum parts per billion? And, they are not absorbed by nature like carbon dioxide.

Go to Solar Panel Talk, and, get a dose of reality from Sun King. He designs solar sites. 

By the way, I am a big solar advocate.anyone who wants panels on their house installed for free let me know
Matt Fluty
Field energy specialist 
(518) 898-7782can you please make this kid appropriate and also so that kids that are in 4th grade can understand it? if you already have, please make it more easy to understand.is there any kind of way to utilize carbon dioxide in the atmosphere to power our world?update for 2017?what animation did you useماكو واحد يحجي بالعربي هنا ؟؟؟AYNI SİZİN GÖRDÜĞÜNÜZ GİBİ 
YOUTUBE YORUMLARINDA GÜNÜN BİRİNDE BİR LİNK GÖRDÜM..
TIKLADIM VE ŞU AN PARA KAZANMAYA BAŞLADIM BİLE.

İnternetten günde 1-2 kez sanal ineklerinizin sütünü satarak para kazanabileceğiniz bi oyunu oynamak isterseniz buyrun.
YATIRIM yaparsanız daha çok kazanırsınız.
Yapmazsanız da kazanç mümkün.. Para kazanan çok insan var.
Buyrun
http://www.utopya.online/kaydol.php?davet=49e222e0f1
Daha az gösterAs you can see, they have almost zero torque, so 99% of their power goes to make them turn, and they cannot power anything except themselves. (either effectively, or actually -- I suppose you might get them to do some very minor work) This SHOULD have been mentioned in the video, as well as the "how they work" instead of having to read about it in the description)Bravo. Well done; short and concise. 
I appreciate, too, the explanation on how it does what it does.FantasticHI Bruce how can I contact you?Hello sir wonderful work  would you use mirrors and reflect more sunlight on these solar panels ???and let us know how much woul the rotation increased ? RPM ? Regards .Hi i was wondering can you please make a single large operating unit with bunch of small ones i would love to see what happens if you prove my theory right i want to work on something big!!!I have a suggesion for how you can make this more effective. By a tesla solar roof and an electric motor. The difference should be about 1:10000000000000000 etcIs These conquve coted with plastic or solar panel.... I mean what material should we we want for making this solar motor Per favore mi sa dire la lunghezza dei nastri,i primi 2 e di quanti gradi i bicchieri sono inclinati nella parte piu bassa?
gli altri nastri sono lunghi come i primi 2 o piu lunghi?Cordiali saluti GianniThat "free energy" in the title is a bit click-baity! You're gonna attract a few nutjobs with that.Well created!can you try to load things on it?push generater to light up a light?interesting, your video is very helpful.. its great that I found this..its realy asome 

but i think todays solar pannels are more efisientsa sert a rien !!!!!so ehere is the electro NEO magnet under the table?so my questions is.... how to capture that electricity that is being generated for everyday application...?so the real question is can it turn a generator and make power?useless , wont work with a load0:38 *JUST POINT AT THE TOWER AND CARRY ON*  this is how you become Australian Bin LadenAustralians can cut their carbon emissions by 50% by simply switching electricity providers. More people need to pull their fingers out and start doing something.
People can save or pay around the same price on electricity and reduce carbon emissions by 50%
Here's a good step by step walkthrough on how to get a quote with Viridian Energy.
http://www.viridianenergyaustralia.org/2016/11/07/viridian-energy-rates-what-are-they-and-how-do-i-compare-them/Awesome VIVA ESPAÑABorat?He said wow "this looks like a power plant" lol yeah genius it is a power plant ... Ugh AustraliansI was going through this post http://geographyandyou.com/science/energy/how-thermal-power-is-generated/ . Check it out if you want to know how thermal power is generated.In northern climes such power stations would work but not efficiently.   Thermal nuclear power is the future.   Our very own packaged sun.It's the advanced warfare mapLos Felicito por este gran Desarrollo Energético. 
Tengo 14 Patentes ya registradas, una de estas es lo máximo en generación de energía potencial Mecánica, más allá que la Geotérmica y todas las actuales Tecnologías existentes de generación de energía Eléctrica. 
Título: Venezolano diseñó generador de energía con presión de agua . http://www.listindiario.com/economia/2016/09/13/435011/venezolano-diseno-generador-de-energia-con-presion-de-agua 

Título: Diez inventos patentados en República Dominicana Inventor Akram El Nimer pide el apoyo de empresas y bancos para fabricar y comercializar sus invenciones http://www.diariolibre.com/ciencia-y-tecnologia/ciencia/diez-inventos-patentados-en-republica-dominicana-HF4610922

 Interesados WhatsApp +18498657175 
email: aisabou@hotmail.comMolten salt.So cool! Even powerbanks are using solar panels, and they can fast charge! Amazing is this world!:)
"SOLARTAB C - The World's Quickest Solar Charger" on Indiegogo http://igg.me/at/solartab-c/shre/15457870The narrator was poorly chosen. His accent is confusing and very difficult to understand. A well spoken narrator without such a deep accent would increase production quality by 75%. I am very interested in this technology but I could scarcely understand the dialogue.U sound like Scottish frank spencerWhat is the cost per kwh?What says Exxon Mobile, to this facility? :)geothermal  power earth is a sun  .water +lava =steam  power nooob  we drill hole for oil fuel .drill for lave get steam powerthe fastest way to be rich is by being a moslemwhat's their max output electric power? they never mention that and compare their output to a normal nuclear power plant.woooooow, this engineer is the one who gave me lecture half month agoBurnol time for China and other neighbours..Congratulations to Adani power team, responsible for their accomplishment of bringing this plant onstream on schedule inspire of obstacles like the weather. A big step for India towards renewable energy generation.Epitome of great team work.. NGC's art of narrating event makes the documentary more attractive. Good work guysExcellent work & hats off to the entire team members, for ur great achievement.
As an architect, I give 100% support to all green energy sources to the society & my country.
All the best for Rajasthan project of 10,000 MW.For a country like India which has its eyes set to the sky this is an amazing project. Truly inspiring to show how such mega challenges can be accomplished. Great work team !Good work by adani. India is creating opportunities, facilitating business, for more profits and expansions. My India has a bright future. Towards 'Vishwaguru Bharat'.Great job in record time.Jai hindRespect and pride from a fellow citizen, and a good informative show, Nat Geo, from an UPSC aspirantSimply superb keep on good workThis is an outstanding documentary offering the general public a bird's-eye view of some remarkable, contemporary Indian achievements in the industrial sector.go india gogood work.great job!!  every indian should be proudiam so proud of my country....india will be the next super power in the world...proud to be an indian...jai hindincredible indeed, great team working - couldnt happen otherwisethis is a big step towards advanced Indiawonderful accomplishment! They deserve national awards!yes th energy of the future.. i want to share aguide help me whit my system..regards go to...1000 kW/hour per m^2 or 1000W/hour per m^2?A simple and didactical way to explain how solar cells work! Thanks :)Amazingly done ! A helpful video indeed..Excellent! Would you allow me to translate it into Portuguese? If so, please  adjust the settings to enable translations. Anyway, thanks for sharing.Great video!!!!1Nice piece of work ..... and you mostly kept the muzac under control .The most effective solar panels, although great, are only capturing less than a tenth of what they could be attaining from basking in the sun's output of the EM spectrum.  Even if photovoltaic cells could absorb 99.9% of the electromagnetic energy they're bathing in, it would be a small dispersed fraction of the sun's energy.  This is because the cell is covering a speck of the suns 129,600 degrees of directional output; I'm no math wiz, so someone correct me if I'm wrong, but the sun is roughly a sphere and a circle is 360 degrees so add the third dimension and 360X360 be the directional coverage of a sphere right?  I think 3D objects use a different mathematic media to describe what I'm talking about, but I haven't learnt such math yet, or didn't understand it if I have, but I digress.

 About that directional output I was referring to, if you start to draw 360 lines from a point using a protractor you'll see that the space between the lines becomes greater as the lines get further out.  This can give you a numeric understanding as to why the suns radiation becomes less dense or concentrated as you get further out without being a physicist.  In conclusion, if you want to get the most energy out of the sun you'd need to get as close to it as possible and build something like a Dyson Sphere.  However, this would far exceed our power needs.This is very useful explanation. Before this I've visited 20 videos which didn't contain the point to point explanations. A must watch video from technical to non technical perspectiveWhen they start taxing the Sun (and they will do that), FIGHT BACK ! DO NOT PAY A SINGLE $Yah we know the oil company doesnt own the sun, no one doescan u tell me ,why only solar light is used to generate the power.i mean why the light coming from household bulb is not usedcan you tell me, what aplikasi you use to make this video. especially at the house part.
sorry because my english is bad.excellent explanationgood job thanks sirhow to save & convert elctrons inside processits really educative and giving me a greenlight to invest in the sunlost me at "infinite" lolnice job! easy explanationno really infinite, but last for millions of yearsplease do a video about how does an inverter work*42,119 people are already using the DIY Home Energy System>> **https://t.co/vm2wD2OnfZ >>*As far as Solar Energy is considered, there are number of countries, and number of companies have come out their own way. What is important is the device, the one which acts as an interface, between the Energy that flows and the Storage- the Battery. I would like to know in what way the Infineon,s R&D, has developed a new, or better equipment, which will be more efficient, and reliable, without costing much comparativelyBut  Consider a situation like this house electrical equipment started to work from Battery and if suddenly all equipment was on and currents shoots Up what will Happen 
Sorry for Bad EnglishI am all for solar however what happens when there is rainy weather? There will still be the demand on the grid, so this technology will work great when there is plenty of sun, but when there is heavy cloud cover the grid will still need to supply power for everyone.I cant wait to built one of this thanks for sharing this video..I had to stop half way through due to the bull shit overload. I never expected such a video of such a renowned semiconductor manufacturer. The thinly veiled excuse to produce the video and let's of course make sure we get a pretty blonde in it so that we keep watching but not for me thank you. It is not solar technology that is driving higher efficiency semiconductors. The drive for higher efficiency semiconductors or rather semiconductors with an ever lower resistance is driven by every area of technology as the resistance of semiconductors produces heat and this limits their application in high-power solutions.If the chip can change the voltage, it is somehow wing down and storing energy before it comes out. So, is there a way to engineer is so it slows down the energy coming out until the energy is needed in the household, and not use batteries?Remember this was done 5 years ago and that may be when mppt was started but mppt chargers need to come down in priceSince when do you put voltage into a battery to charge it up. I have always put current into the battery until it gets to the correct voltage and then it stop the current flow. If you guys are using voltage to fill a battery you really are amazing hahaha. There is nothing new here and what you are saying is only fooling the public who don't know any better. Any engineer would tell you that.So get a NIGHT job.Store the PV energy in hot water for showers and washing machines including dish washer. I can use 4-6 kw a day doing this with only £400 cost using a diverter. If you home is low energy it help with heating in spring and autumn. Water is cheap storage. I think its a good video as it explains the idea well and if people want it its up to them just like a new car or kitchen. Here in UK electric cars loose 80% of their new cost in 3 years makes solar look good. Buy a electric car second hand get free batteries and a car. Use the car for battery storage, it will happen.The silicon chip is called mosfet and is around in decades. Actually smps are used as battery chargers almost everywhere where high power batteries are involved today. Basically the charger control switches the power MOS transistors in very short pulses and it's resistance is very close to zero when on, hence providing the current that the battery needs to charge in pulses. Basically the time on and off of the transistor determines the regulated output energy. Said pulses get filtered and smoothed in order to provide a somewhat regular current. This means that the powers supply is efficient because there is very little loss in the transistor when on, due to the fact that it's fully on and the voltage drop across it is very low.
Also lithium ion batteries needs to be charged at a constant current, not constant voltage. The voltage across the battery changes, as the charge builds up. The charger has to change the voltage in order to deliver the same current through the battery (at least to the point when the voltage is 4.2v a cell) and also measure it, in order to prevent overcharge because then funny (or not so funny) things happen otherwise.This new kind of technology will be really great help since summer is near.. we can harness solar power as much as we want..Too Good! Thanks for sharingafter watching this I decided that I will go and use solar next year..big ass voltage regulator.bssolar energy stored in batteries is inviable. The lifetime of batteries is too small and they are very expensive. No possiblethere is no difference between this and any other solar controller/charger ....I don't get it....plus lithium batteries are crazy expensive why bother when you can get MORE  storage for so much less money and they last about 10 years....who made this bullshit video..?#National #Solar Meet  conference  - @DiligentiaServices 
Call on 011 43102635 / 36 /37
View #Agenda http://www.diligentia.net.in/national-solar-meet/?show_id=2*Learn how to produce off-grid power by the end of the day!>> **https://t.co/vm2wD2OnfZ** >*AkashAndalus Renewable EnergyBonjour les CPICool!I am sure that you will find good way to make it on Inplix Webpage.I' AM IMPRESSEDIF you want to make it by yourself just go to InpliX page.Sort of helpful I guess... *cough* *cough* Advertisement *cough*SupThey Dont Even Explain How They Work Just What They DoThis dosent help me.Unicorn Twilight will return!Welcome to the world of renewable energy training and energy efficiency education! Academy (Andalus Renewable Energy ) provides trainings on green energy internationally and a variety of business services to develop capacities for a sustainable energy supply.Woosh Woosh Woosh Woosh Woosh Woosh Woosh Woosh 
Woosh Woosh Woosh Woosh 
Woosh Woosh 
Sounds Woosh like Woosh  an episode Woosh of Woosh Johnny Woosh Test!





Wooshdumhi zachit was useful and it was good 4 may school projotsupBhai ye FIBRE REEPPER. kya he? Or ye  kaha mil sakta he??Bhi very nice I am proud youGreat. well done
would you please, which type of a dynamo it is that produce elecetricity kindly specify.I gonna suscribe so you can get some real tools.Love the video! It is beautifully simple for kids to learn solar energy generation. You should sell this as a kit, all parts with heliostats pre-assembled.....you would sell tens of thousands, every school would want one.

Make it and I'll be your first customer! :)MANOJ Papet ki matel ka kReally hard work.Sustainable energy has always been the answer but the low hanging fruit and money from it has and will continue untill those entitys like (exxon,shell,ect..) Get on board so they can reap the dollars and charge for this energy themselves, untill then we will continue to burn the earths mantle lubricants untill earth quakes takes us all out.awful musicbest videogood, thanks for this model.
how many mirrors minimum required ?, for you how much temperature you are getting at towergreat idea....may I know why you used a dc motor .... here ....for so called "power generation".
The prototype is good ....but on the whole, you should have also mentioned the actual parts / architecture of a solar farm . Great work .....no doubt! You've put in a lot of effort... Thanks for sharing.nice i sub u sub menonsant Babba isher  singhthanksvery niceCool video!   I'm getting ready to build a tiny home, which  I'll run me around $12,000.  It will be completely off the grid with wood stove for heating and a solar system for electric power.  I just did a  video on my YouTube channel showing what my solar panels can do!  Check it out and let me know what you think?Great! you keep it simple and neatHave you noticed any price drops on the large production systems in the last year? I was looking on Amazon and saw some items that are significantly cheaper than your January 2016 estimates. What is your price estimate for 2017?How long do the large 6v RE batteries lastI have a Question, Is it makes 3kW elektrik in one day? or one hour?? Thank you for your answer. TomasI have an AC motor with a power of 365 Watt and I want to do a solar installation without battery. At the output of the solar panel I want to put a DC / AC converter then connect directly to the motor. what do you think?I see panels now at 50 cents a watt.I'm sorry but I've seen 36-50 cents per watt why are they selling it for 1.50 a wattIf you have a cabin, say about a 1/2 mile from a live power pole, stand-alone solar can be a real bargain. For example the power company will want $20,000 or more to hook you up, then they bill you each month for power consumed.Just want to say that I've been checking out your videos lately and have found them to be immensely informative. I'm am new to solar and I'm very intrigued by the possibilities it brings to the table.

OK, I just had a very nice 8'x12' shed built by the Amish out here in WNY. I'm looking to put a Small solar system in the shed provide power for LED lighting, charge my batteries for my Ryobi ONE+ power tools, charge my 36v SLA battery pack for my electric bike, and also provide power for a battery tenders to keep up the batteries in my (2) 50cc scooters. I would also like to run a couple outlets to run some basic items (power tools). What do you recommend for a possible component "recipe" to accommodate my needs? Thank You Very Much!Nice video and pretty informative, thank you..System cannot sustain itself without oil.  More energy spent making the components than they ever recover.  Labor from installation and maintenance not factored in?  Charge cycles on batteries max 1500 (~5yrs) under actual load, max ten years due to degradation?Thanks For the upload :)The skyVery informative. ThanksWhere did you get those batteries ? That is about 1/4 what I can find them for.how many years do you expect your solar system to last before needing a large upgrade for new batteries for your large production system?skip to 8:57 for price of a large setup and what you need.this is awesome, thank you for sharing this video, I am planning on using solar as source of my home energy, and knowing how much this really cost help me a lot to decide.. thanks..your way out on the price of charge controller*Learn how to produce off-grid power by the end of the day!>> **https://t.co/vm2wD2OnfZ >>*AwesomeFucking amazingHello, I´m starting a proyect and I want to know if you would pay 9us$ for completely sizing a Solar Fotovoltaic system.I loye your vidsIt has so much informationLearnt heapsSo lameThe land you said is not available 1. Mcas  2 YpPG 3 Cocopah res and Quechan res 4 Barry goldwater bombing range 5 Bureau of LM  we dont have private land left in yumaWhat do you think about using mirascope as panel, placing only small solar panel in the bottom of it?Wow you also can get the photosynthesis to this thing.batteries + solar power= energy independence.hilove the animation so much !!!!same!thanks i needed it200th commentDoes this include inefficient solar cells? Or is this if solar cells were 100% efficient. Minor point, but as an engineer, who knows lawyers and thieves, I'd feel better if the type solar cells, and their efficiency were mentioned. Leaving out those details, which would require 5 more seconds of video, is curious.Fairy tale and what destroy some national parks?How much would it cost? What if we built this instead of Trump's mexico wall?OK so how much wire is that going to take?  And can electricity do everything that oil can?  And is it always sunny?  And what do we do when it is NOT sunny?  Fact is we need ALL forms of energy!  Optimize each one and move forward, choosing the best energy to suit the need!

When I want to power my garden gnomes, I choose SOLAR!

When I want to fly to Mexico, I choose FOSSIL FUELS!

When I want to kill 100's of 1,000's of birds and bats in the name of an intermittent and costly energy source that is triple the cost, I choose WIND!!!One thing so many people neglect, is the benefits behind actual energy independence. So much global conflict involving the US is fueled by the need to find, acquire, and protect energy resources. Being energy self sufficient would also open the gateways to greater self sustainability when it comes to food  resource management. Imagine a United States that did not need to bargain with the world, including those who would be our enemies if not for the mutual benefit of acquiring oil (Looking at you House of Saud/Saudi Arabia, though you are not alone!), the US could be freed from some of its worse international "partnerships." I am not an isolationists, but most powerful empires collapsed due to being unable to sustain themselves, leading to virtually endless war & insurmountable debt. Renewable wind, solar, and wave would open the door to a far better future for this country, and limit the corrosive power of the "necessary evils" inherent to many corporations.People have to realize that yes, this is a VERY simplistic view on changing EVERYTHING.  No, it won't happen overnight.  No, we probably won't achieve 100% purely through solar power.  Yes, it would take increases in technology that we don't have YET (better transmission methods, more efficient storage methods etc).  BUT, we need to start to take all of this seriously - THAT is the first step.  You don't go from <1% to 50%+ capability overnight - and without increase in knowledge during the pursuit.  You start by putting government and business leaders in a room and discussing what it would take to START.Send solar energy to the moon.So who is against clean air?  Who is against energy independence?  Who is against local jobs?  Solar Power offers all of that.  And we won't run out of it.The Ruling Class and their monetary slavery system are now the Luddites holding humanity back!The solution has to incorporate small scale residential hybrid systems. Using wind/VAWT,  and a combination of passive and active solar design and tech on every home, building and structure. This approach would provide power while eliminating the critical challenges upgrading infrastructure to support distribution of power.  It's not clunky anymore- Check out the OMNIFLOW tech, or basic Trombe wall methods utilized in EARTHSHIP design.Why the fuck isn't the world doing this.  We save ourselves, our earth, long term works invest now, reap forever. W h y  a r e  w e   n o t  d o i n g  t h i s??!and you cannot store the power efficiently and most power consumption is at night.... but best of luck. im sure this will work out flawlessly.how big is 11,200,000 acres?  17500.00mi² or 45324.79km².  That is bigger than any one of the smallest 9 US states.
Here are those states (in mi²)
Maryland - 9,774
Vermont - 9,250
New Hampshire - 8,968
Massachusetts - 7,840
New Jersey - 7,417
Hawaii - 6,423
Connecticut - 4,845
Delaware - 1,954
Rhode Island - 1,045how much lithium and silver would it takes to build all the solar panels?the problem with solar power is that we don't have any efficient way of the storing the energy.we could do this but..... Where's the profit.  right this is about sustainability not profit thus we wont do it. only we the people can do it . but the rich have done a good job of turning us agents one anotheryea this would be great if we had the approx. 70 trillion dollars it would cost to supply the solar panels to cover that much landyep....FACTS.......let's  do  this......much  love  Tee   with   LIONS  NAMED  LEO  ...AND  BTW....  I  have  plans  for   a   solar  gravity   tower   motor    that  could   power    every  house  hold......investors  call me  at  661  326   1604"pray they don't alter it any further" was that a deliberate Star Wars reference?1:15 Star Wars referenceCan we use it to obliterate the NCR scum camping out around it?I hadn't thought about the energy storage thing. That's actually an important advantage, now that you mention it.I noticed the Darth Vader reference. Very clever!I think on the large scale these would probably be the better option.  However, I am still glad about the solar panels we currently have as I like the idea of having my own power generation connected to my home, and not having to rely on the grid 100% of the time.

I'd like to see both get developed further though.I'm going to be seeing some of these tomorrowNice _Empire Strikes Back_ reference.Reminds me of Helios One in Fallout New VegasThere are a few of these in Israel too. I have seen a small water array in kibbutz Samar in the desert.
And here too, the country is moving towards PV, which I think is unfortunate.These rays of light look amazing.Wait i have an idea. Most solar Panels are slightly reflective right. So how about replace all those mirrors with solar panels for slightly more output.We have like 30 days of sunny days where I live... Satellite internet barely works for the same reason, cloudy all the time...What's bothering me, is the fact they're a creamy-white, instead of a sensible colour like black.Why are they white? Wouldn't they absorb heat better if painted black?Yes Tom, you are right. With the present cost of the Chinese PV panels the future is theirs. I was one of the designers of the PS10 central receiver and also took part on its start-up, so... well, it was good while it lasted. I'm retired now and I look at these towers fondly, but...are you actually in the location or is it greenscreen?i want to see a cooked birdthis was never a condition of our arrangement, nor was giving han to this bounty hunter!39:00 this guy doesn't know what he is speaking. 113 GWhr battery, give me a break! even his investment pitch in dubai was oscillating between profits and doing good . lol . if he can have $200m under management i can believe there is $130T equivalent money floating around )Ban ki moon a fool by any standards, the world needs to get rid of billionaires and start investing in people and the world cheap energy is easy but the financial institutions don't like it get rid of the billionaires and come up with a new financial system for the people of the worldClimate change is a scamGreat Bullshit Video....you couldn't survive on solar energy.I love these videos so much!  many thanks !!I needed a pick-me-up after finding out that Perez is leading the DNC. Americans have quite literally lost their ability to look up.I'm a 100% for solar energy, it's the only thing I use in my home... BUT, no energy is RENEWABLE; it's not because we wil long be gone before the sun dies out, that there is some energy that is not lost after it is used. It never comes back. There are still a lott of people who try to stop the speed of the use of this energy, so use the right words for the right things to avoid misunderstandings. And it wil never for free, money has to be made and country's have taxincome of energy sorces, dus they only gonna change the way to get that money, taxes on what you have on your roof....Promoting this kind of energy to have your money in the seem sens that they do the oposit for cigaret smoking, but take a lot of taxes on the use of it. If tomorow everybody stop smoking, a lot of country's wil be more bankrupt as they already are... :-) In the EU they put high taxes on the solar panels from China....because they are too cheap regarding to the domestic ones. Promoting ?  A joke.Somebody knows the music at the beginning of the report?Stop climate change? What a crock of shit !  Let me guess. All we have to do is tax the hell out of citizens and send all that cash to a bunch of left wing unelected bureaucrats who will do nothing except study the matter to death until we're all bankrupt. I'm all for alternative energy, especially solar, but not run by these criminals.  Our climate has changed continuously for millennia, cooler and warmer, all without the help or hindrance of our measly human race.The solar panel manufacturers must by necessity of the end game also be responsible for deconstructing panels at the end of the life cycle of the product. Let us not make the same mistake again as other energy cycles. This is all a heat engine.There is no need for poverty and no need for power these are nothing more than delloisions brought on by the richWould really like to see the documents that back up the claims made in this documentary.
Where are the hard numbers showing that the price of solar is cheaper?    I'm not trying to be a detractor or troll, I'm interested in some research.
Also, typically solar panels have a usable lifespan of 20 years max.  This is due to solar radiation degradation of the surface material.  Much like sunlight can fade your clothes or the paint on your house over time.   Numbers I've seen show that you lose 0.5% to 1.5% energy generation per year.    So it's very likely that even when you do build a super megawatt generating solar field , you're going to need to completely change out all of the panels every other decade.
Has that been addressed?

Still, would really like to see documentaries that provide a link to background documentation.dawn of the renewable energy era !!for me is the future the solar energy..great videohere is a solution this help me to build my system i leave to go directhow will Arabs or Russians or for that  matter Norwegians survive if nobody buys their oil!!!! 

good for energy consuming countries thoughif you're dyslexic half of it is subtitledthe government and corporate resistance will stop the switch to renewablewow what a documentaryDas ist ein einfaches 1 Stufiges Planetengetriebe mit 3 Planetenrädern  Absolut Lächerlich sowas als "Overunity Motor" zu bezeichnen... absoluter Dummenfang der Videotitel!Fraud!Horse shit!I want to buy one tell meIf you can't make a video of the machine working (which no one expects) you may as well make a video of building it. Nice machining work. I appreciate the work you guys put into building these things, but I would suggest reading a physics book instead and using your machine building skills to build something useful. There's no secret trick that you can play with magnetism to create a perpetual motion machine, let alone one that has excess force that can be put to work. Think about it.It's an MIT sit-n-spinThat's way too complicated, the only thing I could get is a cooking pot. Any chance to harvest free energy out of pot?Truly amazing ... just need a govenor clock type escapement on the top...What a waste of time and money for a mechanical toy.What you have, is a rather complicated flywheel.
What I would need to see, is a generator attached to it with a load to show output, or some other system of showing power being generated.auch mit Kraftvektoren Erklärt :  durch NEUE ENERGIE  , 20 JAHREN .good jobhand energy perpetual machine !!i like it .. how to buy it ?nice brothis stuff from OMEGA RF..well what are the weights on the gears?  iron or magnetswhat's with all the shit smeared across the video, ad and subscribe boxes to close so you can watch, jump off a cliffyou can add magnets and coils this machine could give high torque so you can get lots of amperage by just cranking it up a littleöfürükten teyyare2:18 Except in the state of Georgia... because we have the Georgia Power Monopoly that lobbied against SB 401 when it should have been the voices of WE THE PEOPLE that were heard. SOMEONE PLEASE bring Solar Energy to the state of Georgia!!!!!
 Maybe this is a job for Elon Musk!Excellent Video!!!Here is CA they are an abundant amount of telemarketers calling and harassing you to join.How much is one of those and where can l buy itI really appreciate the way you demonstrated how home solar power systems works in professional way.Renewable Energy sure is amazing not only they will help you decrease/lower your electricbill but your helping the earth to..  We install Solar Power. If you have any question..send them over. 
@TitanSolarCoerm did you not just watch the video!?how are you able to synchronise inverted power from the solar panel to the national grid in light of the difference between grid frequency and inverter output.Can the inverter produce a perfect sine wave at grid frequency. Can you a Dc link, what will the schematic circuit be like.how do i beat the smart meter and will my grid tie make my smart meter increase my billhow many wattage of solar panel do i need for my house which it is 100 square meters?
(i'm in Greece and the sun is great)
thanks!no it will not the government will pay u for sending your energy, Your solar panels collected from the sun.thank you for sharing, great work..what happens when theres a hurricane?Did somebody noticed a UFO GOING UP from left cloud at 0.23 sec!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that's weird !!Esmuy bien explicado es la energia renobable limpia limpia es el futuro del mundoEven small electrical devices are getting super efficient at harnassing the sun's energy. amazing

"SOLARTAB C - The World's Quickest Solar Charger" on Indiegogo http://igg.me/at/solartab-c/shre/15457870Fusion, by a wide margin. In the shorter term, current/next gen nuclear tech is pretty amazing.GoodI think hydroelectric power is cheap and sustainable if we are having a perrinal system of river . and undoubtedly solar is one of the most promising source of energyITS NICE VIDEOSolar panels are becoming cheaper and more efficient, I wanna get one of this..The intro was legendaryThx it was very informativeTrace looks like Moriarty, although that might be a good thing because he's pretty cool.are those shrimps cooked before turned to QCDs?goe solar green energy!i prefer nuclear and solar for the bestiesi think nuclear fusion is the way forward, even though we arent even close to making it work. It's just a really cool concept.i'm gonna go with solar then wind, biomass and hydroelectric energy as of today.  If it is possible to harness Fusion energy then it would be huge breakthrough in production of clean energy.solerthe mirai really? great job Toyota.yes is time to change...this really you can learn with this stp by step here a leave to go directCar Companies do not wait to help us. They wait for the bottom line. It is not a good thing. It is a horrible thing that mankind is being crippled and stifled in its advancement and growth. You speak of this like it is a good thing and it is right. The monetary system should not have power over doing what is right for the Earth. Ever heard of batteries?Great idea. provide the solar panels to the middle east countries, and let them charge us for the electricity produced ? So that they can then hold us to ransom, not with oil this time, but with solar energy. Brilliant, wish I had thought of that.Great video but it is now 8 years old.  And some of the predictions were to see revolutionary changes within 5 years.  I'm eager to see the changes but how about a central source that follows all this and provides continually updated reports.  :-)Greece has introduced this technology for solar energy but the Greek government said there was too much solar being produced on CRETE. Can you believe such comment? Clearly vested interests have been threatened by solar... oops I mean conventional oil/gas suppliers. GeraldinCreteI really like your documentaries on renewable energy. Very valuable.  Thanks.If anyone is wondering, since this video was made, the amount of globally installed photovoltaic capacity has grown from 15-20 to 230-250 gigawatts and the average cost of solar panels themselves has declined from $3.00 USD to about $0.55-0.60 per watt of capacity.If every roof (and walls and windows, too) were covered in PV solar panels we would not need to smother the landscape with large fields of mirrors or solar panels, there would be more than enough energy captured for the world's needs.
We need to encourage the political will to create incentives and building codes that would promote this idea. Starting with homes and the factories that produce solar panels and their components.
Deserts need not be covered up with solar panels; they need permaculture to return them to their green, pre-human, damage-free state.
Clean energy and permaculture could clean up the planet and give millions of people something healthy, valuable and meaningful to do.My favorite channel on youtube.. ! (y)Never mind that this video was posted in 2008, it is still valid even though it is FLAWED.  It makes two mistakes: (1) it exclusively promotes solar energy and (2) it promotes central facilities of large scale.   The first mistake exposes a potential vulnerability to destruction of facilities and interruption of consumer service, not only by accidents (witness the disabling of one large scale system in the Mohave Desert of California) but also by weather and earthquakes.  The second mistake exposes large central populations to the vulnerability of power loss which during times of inclement weather.No energy like FREE ENERGY!
CCRES TEAMSolar panels and Wind Turbines will soon be a thing of the past because solid-state overunity devices will soon be on the market...Sorry the name is Graphene.  it conducts electricity 100 times faster than silicon and will soon replace it in computer chips with a huge increase in gigabytes per second computing.A 1.3 gig computer can become a 100 gig processor.This technology will be here in the next 5 to 10 years. Graphene has huge strengths for battle armor.It will be used to replace cell phones with rollup phones  you could place behind your ear.  This film is trying to sell the outdated technology from government bribes.Sunlight falling through clouds is sunlight nevertheless. It doesn't matter much.

Even if it would, other area's with brighter sunlight could compensate since most PV roofs are connected to the grid :)This is a great video...the trouble is, it is now 7 years old.    How about a new video bring this adventure up to date?Today we have 2014 and what happened, German solar industry failed, we still have BP , Shell and other oil companys. I belivie solar can be transitioning energy technology, but what be truly revolutionary is to develop tesla impulse technology. The problem who invest in wacky science and people with some sort of mental disability? So only was left is to research in some sort underground black box science projects and hope for the best.... We kicked the $8 Trillion oilcan around the desert and it stopped rolling in the sand.What happens if it is a cloudy day?Where is this whole paradigm now 6-7 years after this VPRO programme was produced? Greece needs this technology more than ever before. GeraldinCretebail out at the first mention of 'climate change' and whilst we're on the subject of the sun as being the source of all alternative resources for energy, hasn't anyone noticed the countless gallons of noxious toxins being loaded into the skies daily, blocking the sun?Electric Vehicle Car Solar Energy....Fjh key just ffhf

How can I find out more about this Solar Panel Lens and recharging system?I need it on my c maxIT`S ABOUT TIME I WAS THINKING THIS AS A KIDLeerman Im in solar technology. Give it up you are spewing garbage.Muito top este carroSeems like Hanergy had more succes, their solar cars are on the road now :)The Whole point is going from A too B, and as for being fast and how strong it will be Well Fact Check it !  Or  just google it..Very GoodWhat a load of bollocks. Solar concentrator sounds like another episode of Star Trek next generation. HahaWhat about placing Solar Panels on the Engine Hood as well?can I add these panels to my 2014 C-max Energi? Not the concentrator, just the panels?i like this car build,new generation car
it most effect in the world for global wormplease translate in Russiawhy don't they use the hood too. duh.yes put a magnifying glass over the top the car heating the interior to over 200 degreesHere in Australia there is no nuclear power plants. We use mostly solar because I know people who haven't payed there electricity bills for years because of it. And there is this thing where you can give your extra electricity to the national power grid or something.I always knew that Nuclear Energy was superior.I heard that ten to twenty thousand coal mining jobs will be created by Trump in Kentucky and West Virginia by the end of the year. maybe forty thousand in Illinois. Trump is TruthI live in Las Vegas. We get the majority of our power from coal. In case some of you do not know, Las Vegas is located in the Mojave Desert. While there is a huge solar farm approximately 50 miles away, all of its energy stays in California. We have some power coming in from Hoover/Boulder Dam, but again, most of that is contracted out to California, just like the water. 

Nevada power has done it's best to limit the growth of solar power in my state, which is downright criminal. 

Many casinos have installed solar on their rooftops and the city owned buildings are running on their own arrays. 

We do not have a nuclear power plant nearby, though there are many bombs. ,

Most of the world's nuclear plants are at least 30 years old. The technology has not been developed further  in practice and it really needs to. Thorium is a good example of this. 

Unfortunately the United States is balls deep in with the fossil fuel industry. Our politicians are bought and paid for. Very few of them have the moral or intestinal fortitude to go against the oil lobbies. This is how desert states like Nevada, New Mexico and Arizona are not utilized for their great natural resource: the sun 

Until our politics policies change, the United States will continue to fall behind in the so called energy wars despite the efforts of people like Elon Musk.I think the Dyson Sphere would be a good energy source :)I thought that you guys would at least mention the possibility of nuclear fusion being a power source in the future, considering that it produces little to no waste, with literally no radiation, the only thing holding it back is the efficiency and that is constantly being worked on.I would honestly go with Solar Energy. No questions! Heh.It's Soler engeyNote that it is correct that nuclear energy produces nuclear waste once it's depleted. 

We can store it, but sooner or later we will be shooting it into space out of our solar system.Nuclear PowerSo  how many nuclear power plants have exploded?Solar energy all the way!The essential problem with solar is that it doesn't work at night.  As that is the case, an atomic power plant, or hydroelectric, or conventional fossil fuel plant must be kept operating to meet demand at night.  This makes solar a very marginally useful energy source.   ;-)There is two type of solar energy :
1) solar panels 
2)steam solar plants 

You don't talk about solar energy as steam plant??Wait... Who died from solar energy? Also, solar doesn't work so well when it is cloudy out.What was the song playing throughout the video?Why not just use both?as someone who works in the solar industry I can tell you nuclear is the way to goinfographics show, the nuclear reactors you are talking about are liquid fluorine thorium reactors

or if you want regular nuclear reactors but even more efficient, then you should replace the water with liquid sodiumnice that will help me at school ;)AMERICA AUSTRALIACan we power everything with solar panels? Triggered.Can we power everything with solar power?  Yes, we just need more solar panels.GiraffeI really hope flying cars will never exist. just please go back to the 1930-1970 era when cars were real instead of plastic hybridsSILICON.....not silicone.She keeps saying 'Silicone'... its 'Silocon' !She's soo anoyingSo many words  not much newsSolar and wind is now powering at increasing rates our houses, our vehicles, our industries. New wind is 2.5 cents and new US solar is 5 cents a kilowatt hour. Plug in our vehicles and save $1,500 a year by eliminating buying tanks of gasoline. Max out building insulation and then install roof top solar. I recommend SunPower with highest efficiency and cradle to cradle certified materials for clean disassembly and remanufacturing.Solar industry best estimates are by the year 2050 they might be able to supply the world with 15% of the electricity.  So where are we going to get the other 85%?  Other renewables maybe 5% so the rest will have to come from nuclear and fossil fuels.Solar is still not economical when you take into account the total cost verses the years of life those panels have.  Unless you can put up enough panels such that you can sell electricity back to the electrical grid, you will have gained nothing by putting up solar panels.  If your idea is solely based on your need or want to get off the grid, then solar does have merit.  but, for the average home owner it just does not pay.  In Southern California in San Diego they have limited us to put up panels only sufficient enough to power our home so they do not have to buy back any excess you may generate, thus making it almost impossible to afford.

They are going to have to come way down in price for us to be able to afford powering our homes.  The panels must also last longer than twenty years which is about the payback limit on your borrowing to purchase the system.  If you want to cut down on your use of electricity try replacing all the light bulbs in your home with LED lights.  The total cost of replacement will allow a substantial savings over the life of the LED lights, which last for thousands of hours.  We have replace all the bulbs in our home and have attained reasonable savings noticeable on the monthly bill which I track every month in Excel.Solar makes up 19% of my August bill (the hottest month on record pretty much) but it only did 3.5% of the work. (Ontario)Thanks for SharingThe failure and pending closure of Ivanpah should warn us to slow down.
Also this isn't the first design to have promise, manufacture-ability has held down good designs in the past.World energy consumption (ca.)
80 % - Coal, gas and oil 
10% - Renewable
10% - Nuclear

Coal, oil and gas: Bad for the environment.
Renewable: Good for the environment, but can not meet energy demand.
Nuclear: Co2 neutral, can meet world energy demand. (But has a bad reputation)

We have been trying to make renewable energy effective enough for many years but not seeing adequate progress. Meanwhile were using "dirty" energy to meet 80% of our demand. How environmentally just is that? We need to take use of modern nuclear power before it is to late. 

Google it people, it might just change your mind.
It certainly changed mine.build your own solar panel system... check out... https://twitter.com/5fr6tqzt1kdr/status/792250078006087680 Why pay thousands of dollars for solar energy ($27,000 average cost) when you can build your own solar panel system for just a fraction of the retail cost.here is practical for the solar energy.interesting, can we really do that?so ??
can it or not ??"speaking of dry cycles and clean things; FreshBooks..." :)25% solar by 2050? this shit aint gonna cut it guys. get it together earth.Clearly that segway isn't going to work, so uhh, Freshbooks!Every source and medium will have its placeI couldn't focus anymore once you showed us these boobs thanks a lot LinusIn 2013, solar energy accounted for just over 0.3 percent of U.S. energy consumption. Why mislead stating how much it's grown in 5 years ("skyrocketed" from .03% to .3%)? and then fantasy numbers from the International Energy Agency about solar output in 34 years? Explanations without propaganda, please.Linus, not all living things live off sunlight. Chemosynthesis manLinus, stop lying.Solar and wind are clean, intermittent and unreliable.Thin film is a bad technology. In the early days of solar (2007) thin film was significantly cheaper than polycrystalline panels but as manufacturing practices improved crystalline panels have reigned supreme. Relative to coal power, solar power would be fairly expensive if this were a true economic playing field.This episode reminded me of bill guy the science guy.

Linus guy, the quickie guy... Sounded better in my head.Too bad solar and wind are some of the worst ways of producing energy, the cost and amount of energy required for one wind turbine is far more that it will ever make back and lithium mining is extremely bad for the environment not to mention how bad they are at actually making back power.Types of Computer Viruses as fast as possible PleaseUse solar panel for day and nuclear power for the night because the battery of Lithium Ion will exist for only 1500 cycles or about 4 to 5 years.Why not just use free-energy, which the evil NWO criminal elitists stole from Tesla and from the American people? Free-energy is far better than "green energy" such as solar and wind. "Green energy" is such a rip-off, that it is an outright scam.

Well except for my solar calculator, that well works, but then calculators use almost no power anyway, nor do calculators need to operate in the dark. That is about all that solar is good for.Will we ever have solar phones?You forgot to mentions the graphene based solar panels that are so much more efficient, Robert Murray-Smith has some great videos about it since he is the inventor.how can we the corporation make a constant stream of income of a thing that is free... and that is why they do not really invest in itmaybe one of you could learn to grade ;) the color is below your production levels.people new to this channel thought this is a science channel 

when they checked this channel they be like... "whats all of these...?"...good idea to keep electronic vehicles running.Debunked many many times...French :)Fuck what about using the weight of the cars on roadways to get "free" energy.. can i get 2 million dollars please?I thought National Geographic fact checked everything they reported on. Guess notIts a good idea...
If you could change the laws of physics, laws of economics and common sense.No. This doesn't deserve even the slightest encouragement. Why don't we spend the money, time, and resources on putting solar panels where they're most practical? On roofs. Roads are literally the place you put solar panels on if you want them to be less efficient. They're the WORST place to put solar panels on. All this money that could've gone to better ideas and better things is being utterly wasted. Sad.Now that this thing is built I would love to see an update on how it is working out....So engineers keeps building solar roads but online scientists keeps "debunking" them. 
Will you people just chill out and lets see where this goes.Speak English you stupid frog.Their accents are just too good not to see and listen to this video This is a human blind spot. We just love some stuff so much we throw out all reason and logic and just bite.. People are so worried about energy and the future they are desperate for some sort of life raft to keep afloat. It's just sad that people are so gullible..This is a very bad idea.This is the most stupid way to collect solar energy. smhWhat about solar engineering which blocks out the sun through a process called solar radiation management???love how everyone here is comenting as if the video was about Solar roadways (USA) and not Wattway (FR). Shows how many people actualy watched it. Dementi, fakt.they have a dumb idea, but at least they are going about their research with the right methods and goals... well still a dumb idea at it's very base, going against nearly everything we know about solar panels except space availability.watch Thunderf00t instead for better scientific infowell this invention is being stolen by the mexican new solar sement they invented i guess there just trying to make it more additional addsمن مصر ابعث سلامى وتحياتى على هذا العلم النافعI'd like to see a future where the most common roof covering is solar-paneling.  Granted it likely wouldn't produce enough power on its own to supply demand but if used prolifically it would relieve a tremendous burden.  But the reason this isn't more widely used, or more widely encouraged, is because the less generated power we consume the less money earned by the electrical corporations.  It should be about what we as the people NEED, not profits.Or you could add batteries to store extra powerWith so much heat Sun give us everyday we can use it to generate more cleaner, safer and renewable energy.. though you need to invest a little big but the result is amazing and you can save more in the years to com..a very good educational materials for kids to know what is renewable energy.. great job.good for kids to learnHI...............thank you for the information about the solar energy..........for more details please visit our website 

http://bit.ly/1FxNF9MHow much does it cost for the little solar panel?Nice Informative Video. No Doubt! Solar is the future of Tomorrow. Innovation and technology advancements are remarkably frequent in solar modules. In last 2-3 years, many milestone breakthroughs have been seen in the R&D of Solar PV. A highly competitive market with significant fall in cost of Solar PV, has been established over the USA, Europe, China etc. From Asia-pacific region, Japanese companies (with new emerging players from China and South Korea) continue to play a prominent role in the solar PV industry. [Source: RenewEnerg Article | http://www.renewenerg.com/solar-energy/ ]Please do some demonstration video for this,I want to include this on my science class.. thank you........fuckn homeworkFind out how do solar panels work and convert solar energy to electricity.Hey I am only waching cause it's homeworkHow Does Solar Energy Work? Go Solar - http://bit.ly/1cvKLFBHow much?Interesting.. solar is very interesting..Thank you for posting this on YouTube. Surely helped my friends and I for our science fair.Thanks so much This is cool. my friend has a business opportunity offering Solar to people through a bunch of Solar Providers. Its really cool and you can make some good commissions doing it. check it out at powur.com/james.peterson/learn or get a FREE Solar Proposal from him at powur.com/james.peterson/getsolarYou can make it yourself, just loook and learn from INPLIX .goodhers jacobbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbi only did this cause its for school workif dnt mind can u send the ppt of thisHow much energy can possibly be created by one of these strips?I am still to find a sun tracking system that is actually cost effective. It is MUCH cheaper to just add additional panels if you need to improve your output. The tracking system also adds unnecessary complexity and more parts to break. Concentrating the sun makes the panels more efficient but drastically shortened their lifespan if not cooled, another disaster waiting to happen when depending on water to cool it down. A coolant leakage and all your UV panels get fried. Space saved with the concentration is lost over and over again with the bulk of the mirrors. Do the math. Get the $70 1000w Chinese panels and you are good for the next 20 years. Then add a $500 evacuated tube solar geyser and you have hot water at a much better efficiency that the combo with the UV panels will ever provide.I don't believe a single word.I think you score full marks for trying, and like the man said, everybody should be getting involved, this is what the new heaven and new earth is spoken of in the apocalypse. For millennia man has lived off the resources of the earth, burning resources just like he did thousands of years ago, this has come at great cost to the planet, now is the time to start rebuilding our planet , cleaning it up, replenishing, everything is to be made new, restored, rejuvenated, get with the programme, this man speaks the truth.I'm not having any kids. Nobody asks to be born anyway. Blissfull non-existence = for just one thing, no energy needs. And then I'm not even starting to touch the other horrors of life.Inspirational!It can capture 4x the amount of energy, but it also takes up 4x the space of a conventional panelIt's only low-cost if it's less then 4 times cheaper tnen the conventional panelsMake solar space planes.Nick, it takes up the same area (space) that a conventional solar panel takes. But it captures 70% instead of 18% because it captures both heat and electrcity.So R&D continues apace. driven by profit. USA at it's best!Something isn't right with that 4x calculation of 75% efficiency. The efficiency rating is based on how much light energy you convert to electric energy. By focusing the light you may be able to increase the electrical output of solar cells, but you're not increasing their efficiency, you're just increasing the energy put on them. You're actually decreasing their efficiency because focusing sunlight on solar cells causes them to get too hot which makes them lose efficiency. You could cool the panels with liquid coolant from behind, but I think the system is too small for that to be affordable. Also, if they arranged everything horizontally, the would only need to adjust it daily rather than every moment.

This may still be beneficial if it's cheaper than non-focused solar cells per square foot, but considering how cheap solar cells are getting and how  it looks like a lot of work went into making these software integrated focusing mirrors, I doubt it. Although installation looks easier than rooftop mounted panels - if you can afford to give up the extra space.Start saving energy using solar energy.. its efficient and it saves you a lot..There is no such thing as conventional solar panels anymore!WHy are they using the panels in a vertical configuration? If you use a horizontal configuration, it would only have to be adjusted daily, as the track of the sun went higher or lower in the sky. Horizontally, it could remain in a fixed position all day long.Xietai Yang gave birth to everything! Also environmentally friendly power generation, make our lives better!
http://boo.tw/z9Ksj
Solar power sun roof to the indoor cooling,
And legal construction, demolition will not be reported,
Quickly understand the best
"Solar System to print money - make money selling electric technique"
Solar power, finance and investment, new ideas
Ministry of Economic Affairs Bureau of Energy Renewable Energy Law guarantee
Taipower 20-year power purchase agreement guarantee ........
Line contact:
0966-715989 Miss Ji
Plus LIKE
http://line.me/ti/p/O78T5Xwa0shelp yourself, help your villainslol this is not increasing 4x. it will produce abou same per square meter as normal. u are using same sun but only partially and then focus on one spot. which will become more hot, which will produce less energy. solar panels need cold to operate at maximum. if its too hot they drop effecienty to 50% or less percent. lol Look at the IBM solution.. at leastyou can make cheap things but will they last#SchoolsucksBill Nye's hyping solar power is simplistic nonsense. I'm an electrical engineer with decades of experience and everytime I listen to this dweeb peddle his utopian garbage to the public I get sick to my stomach. For those that don't know, Nye is no scientist. He got a degree in mechanical engineering and worked for the Boeing aerospace company for some time before he became an entertainer.
 Renewable energy generation has already been tried in large measue in Germany, where it's now the world leader in that field. German utility customers now have among the very highest electric bills in the developed world despite it's government officials bragging that 28% of their electric generation comes from re-newables just this year in 2015. German electricity customers pay on average 4X more than their American counterparts. Around 5 years ago the German political classes went forward with a crazed energy policy called Energiewende (Energy Turn) which mandated high usage of renewable electric generation sources and the idling of almost all her nuclear plants in as an overreaction in the wake of Japan's Fukashima seismic catastrophe. This policy of closing down her nuclear plants was implemented even though Germany is a seismically stable country. Since there is no wind or solar electricity generation power plant can provide predictable and controllable power yields around the clock, referred to by us electrical engineers as steady state power, a conventional, nuclear, or hydro-electric generation facility has to be run simultaneously in order to provide the slack power required to make up steady state safely in order to safely operate any electric power distribution grid. Running an electric transmission power grid using just renewables will result in burned up cables all over the network and fires. Thus because Germany has shut down most of her nuclear plants, electric utility operators have had to replace that missing steady state power generation capacity with coal fired and natural gas electric plants using large amounts of imported American lignite coal and natural gas. Germany isn't so green after all. But that is is still not all. Now that Germany's power generation capacity is severely crippled, their power authorities often have to tap into France's largely nuclear powered electric grid when peak power demands require it, albeit at a much higher cost. 
The price of electricity in Germany has become so costly that one of it's premier news periodicals, Der Speigel, has declared electricity as becoming a "new luxury". According to Der Speigel, many homes in that country often go without any electricity usage throughout the daylight hours in order to be able to afford it. Germany is currently spending a better part of a trillion Euros building transmission lines from it's north shores to it population centers in the southern and central regions of that nation. With a gross demestic product of less than $4 trillion, German utility customers and tax payers alike shall see uber high electric bills for decades to come in order to pay foer that expensive new infrastructure.I bought excellent handbook from Inplix website. Just google inplix and start your journey to better lifeI like the show bill nyeI made it myself. Just go to Inplix webpage if you'd like do the sameI think you need to take some time and go to inplix website to learn how to make it.Screw SolarSo i made it too . just by using inplix scripts:)The fact that the panels in this video only produce 180 watts, and the meters are analog, shows just how old this is.You should go to Inplix if you'd like to make it by yourselfs guys.coolgood vid m8why this silly dress ?wut*Thorium Molten Salt Reactors* and Nuclear fusion need help from innovator like Will Chueh.

Solar Energy has limitations:

*Dilute : need large area* * *Seasonal variations - Need fossil power backup* * *Intermittent on hourly basis - need battery/pumped hydro backup* * *Location specific*Apart from Thorium, which the powers that be are  happy to lose the lead  to  China and India, I was under the impression that we cannot easily store the hydrogen,  I believe it's the smallest atom, and need to be kept separate from oxygen till it's burnt.
If this is not true then wind and solar working together will produce the required voltages and allow the hydrogen to work when required. Please feel free to enlighten me.How about using solar cells to power photonic circuits and all that stuff? Why waste it on electricity? I bet it'd be very efficient then.I don't think we should simply burn the fuel. The efficiency might be too low.If it weren't for the war machine, we would already have  developed 
liquid flouride thorium reactors and storage would be the only energy 
game left to solve. Five years of development at Oak Ridge Labs in 
1960's already proved the technology - just couldn't get any weapons 
grade material from it so it was mothballed. Modern tech makes it much 
cheaper to build today and its "walk-away safe"In a rural home with a lawn why not take the heat from a water heater solar panel transfer it to a modified septic tank/anaerobic digester  ad grass clippings and food wast . you get stored energy in methane and  manure. If you know why please explainIs that Eifel Tower in Tokyo? what the heck.. Poorly thought through hand waving.   Check out a real solution developed by MIT professor Don Sadoway using low cost electometalurgy to store and release electricity using liquid metals.  Liquid Metal Battery.  High power, low cost, simple, long lived.Terrible idea. Containing hydrogen gas is difficult. It leaks everywhere because it's such a tiny molecule. Also, metal gets brittle if H2 passes through it at high pressure, which means pipelines eventually crack. You'd be better off creating methane from CO2 and H2O.When he starts will false information I'm hesitant to believe anything he says. He states at 22 seconds "the ONLY resource that's available to supply to this demand, is the sun"

Has this idiot never heard of thorium ?  when you start with stupidity you have to throw everything else out.  TED is considered the speech of a life time career, I say his PHD should be revoked for this statement.Wow Will !! Amazing job, Spread so well. This is truly an innovative idea and will be apart of the future for renewables. Iron Oxide!! You clever buggers :) glad I'm apart of this shift, love and light!as long as wheels are turning, there is no reason a person can't throw a battery bank in the trunk and have them charging when the brakes are applied.  throw away disc brakes.  the battery is the new brake.  come home, slide in your bank and voila.  new thinking is all we need.  And yes, Thorium!bad presetation...
I didnt understand whats the project about. He just looks like a salesman...
The quality of ted talks if going down the drain.dear ted talks: I have been looking for a educational video talking about how vibrations can produce electricity within certain metals.  i was hoping by posting this that the idea could behey, symbol for hydrogen is H, not H2if you were an insurance company, would YOU insure H2 cars ? me neitherso how far along are they?so they are microwaving the iron oxide solution to kick off the reaction. pretty simple. a little goes a long way...this is no good solution. a good solution is to paint solar on yr building and grid tie it, use it fresh, dun store as storing is expensive. Use the grid as battery, in the day excess goes to the grid, in the night u take it back from the grid.you forgot H202 we can run our cars on it repair the air with it , store it cheap and it stores lots more farradays than batteriesl
OH YEAH this is a government funded program - well youre stuck in the box if you take their money
We are looking for things that work
You know Honda is already making solar H2 ? they dont know about H202 either
Read "Technical Bulletin #46" from the manufacturing chemists associationCheck InpliX handbook if you want to make it cheaper and better.DislikeI am sure you'll learn how to make it if you'll read INPLIX HANDBOOKS from cover to cover :)Just google 'inplix' , take instructions and make it yourself :)Nice fast solar carThank you! I have a solar car project and this is very helpful.Where can I get solar panel?Where can you get all of these items? We are trying to make this for my son's project?Where did you but all the items? I wanted to try this for a science project because I really like solar powered items. This really got attention, nice job for creating it. Please replyYou should take instructions from inplix website if you want to learn how to make it easily.easy to make it works and I got the highest marks in my projecti love you!!!!i watch you every day! can i copy you pleas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!lol made việt namthank you for making this video because I have a car derby race at school and my teacher said I can't use batteries...where can you buy a solar i jast whan it.will it work if i use torch lightyo dude that is so coolyou are smart!♥Hate this ads no numbers just hyping how grate the thing is what they did. But you wont know it unless you have the numbers.I don't get what are the 5 Renewable Gadgets areImpurities in water, lime, rust they're not an issue with the atomizing shower?So rawlemon created a smaller heliostat.  Great, now what?WOW!!!crapheat? pffft just throw it in a fire.por fin algun invento en español!!!
nice video  :Dsee I knew it you post videos at 5 pm every timethe first one is obsolete. you can make a cone like shape pointing into the sky and have solar panels placed all around the cone so it gets energy from the sun all day.this are interesting gadgets.. its more like we need this in our daily life..what r the 5wowDon't let the oil companies see this shit man!Ever want to build your own solar fuel generator? OF COURSE! and thank yoou for sharing it how...Go to Inplix if you'd like to build it yourself.I have some scrap builds that could use confirmation. Anybody down to try?It needs current, much amperage.-Kind of odd that we are fighting wars over the petrodollar, the country is split on fracking natural gas, when the solution is to make hydrogen and medical grade oxygen daily, from solar panels. Oil is way to valuable and inefficient to be burned in combustible engines. Of course you can always upscale it. That's what they do in big industry... They have electrodes that are HUGE!Of course, you could only drive where there's sunshine.....Okay, but can you upsize this experiment to make it practical for someone wanting an emergency power source for his hurricane preparedness kit?Sir ,
Please  can you write your video details to me?
Sir I am in Ghana West Africa
Thanks.  Best regardsSweet!Well for DIY Energy Generator I also recomend this one from my experience. Visit https://plus.google.com/112493162215519049429/posts/6ChCNSZweMXYou can learn more about it on INPLIX website.You need a diode to keep your panel safe or it could burn itself up.the best DIY Solar Energy Generator video.. thanks for sharing..very nice & use fullwhy his name Dickyou need right solar panel and add some stuff to the water to make it more elecrolite. lol you need like ampsGimmicky shit. We should have a national program to provide solar to everyone instead of bombing families and looting oil. Any how.How does it work?I don't get thisI suspect that all the first item does is track how much energy you use.  Then you log into a web site and buy solar credits to offset what you used.  Basically, you could do the same thing at the end of each month by looking at your electric bill.

The second item isn't an invention at all.  There are lots of those "power boxes" around already.  And even before companies were making them, people were making their own for DECADES.  

Solar paper... yeah, I've never seen a portable solar panel before.... /rolls eyes

Sunraiden... WTF?  This is just a standard solar setup.  All they have done is combine the charge controller with the inverter... which severely limits it's usability and how much it can be customized.   It also increases the odds of it breaking down.  Inverters generate a lot of heat.  And you are piling in a bunch of other electronics into the same box.  And they are going to ship these off to areas where it is probably scorching hot outside already.  Where the nearest repair shop is a thousand miles away.  You would be better off just sending the panel by itself and running DC fans straight off it.  Not that I recommend it... but at least it would last more than a day.

Solar station... I like it.  However, it is hardly an invention.I want sun port to stop being silly .Looking at it again not quite as impressed interesting but seems like all this stuff already exist in some formPlease check out my Commercial for my Solar Project!  https://www.gofundme.com/NEWSOLARINVENTIONThose solar paper tho WOW!  Yet another video without a black person either being productive or even as a consumer.  David Duke would be proud of these videos!  Carry on for racist America!Wouldn't this be an overload for grid systems?Wowanother awesome video, thanks for sharing your informations..awesome infogreen energy, cool! as same as this one: https://youtu.be/QvF1LasEjOYhow much cost 1 kw/h solar energyi clicked on this to learn about solar energy, and  it turned out to be a multi-commercial.if the sunport is genuine and the other solar products then it can revolutionize the world.  I am really fed up of the dependency on the grid power.lol at solar stationpower station lol its just a pre built solar set up nothing new.where can I find your products?English?for more detail: http://solarenergypanels.in/"This talk was given at a local TEDx event..." in the description, sure would be nice to mention the year this talk was given as well as the place (though the uploader was pretty vague about the place as well).
Play at 1.25x playback speed.  ;)  MUCH better.*Thorium Molten Salt Reactors* and Nuclear fusion need help from innovator like David Galipeau.

Solar Energy has limitations:

*Dilute : need large area* * *Seasonal variations - Need fossil power backup* * *Intermittent on hourly basis - need battery/pumped hydro backup* * *Location specific*Great presentation Dr. GalepeauI invented a breakthrough source of energy. It will be useful e.g. for cellular telephones. I am looking for $25 000 for prototyping and for $4 000 000 to begin mass production. It will bring profits measured in hundreds of billions of dollars. My e-mail: htg@interia.pl , tel. +48-780-129-544No talk of how we store all this energy for when we don't have sun. How much environmental damage will huge arrays of batteries do and how efficient will they be? Can we get enough storage to handle the load in low sun times. I think the answer at least for now is no. We can use solar to reduce the load but it cannot replace the current grid system. Same goes for wind. There are limits to how far you transmit even high voltage power so we have to keep some other form of  energy like fossil or nuclear powered up on the grid and have therefore only partially mitigated the problem. New safer forms of nuclear along with renewables is the best option.Please don't give a talk wearing Crocs!So many assumptions, most of them wrong, and this guy calls himself an engineer!We need to take advantage of this information and solar technology. We need to make fossil fuel a thing of the past within the next 100 years.don't forget, a 600MW capacity of thermal power plant by gas/coal, etc, is not the same as a 600MW solar PV plant, the 600MW coal plan can produce literally that amount of power anytime, but not the case for solar, so, even with storage, based on different locations and sunshine, to reach the same capacity as a 600MW typical coal plant, you may need a solar PV plant of at least 2X, or 3X and even more, already taken storage into account.the catch is, after all those green advantages, still not a huge impact on our energy picture. Even solar can solve some of our electricity needs, the large picture is , you gonna still need coal and other fuels for agricultures, mining, steel/cement making, chemicals, etc. and that is , a lot. I think solar will cap after a certain threshold.without storage, cheap solar is still, lousy energy, plus storage, still expensive.Because "environmentalists" would rather destroy hundreds of square miles of pristine wilderness for solar farms than allow 1 nuclear power plant to be built.Because *_Science!!!_*...How much does it cost to have a solar panel sitting in the sunshine compared to setting fire to a barrel of oil? Case made.I am watching this on a computer powered by my solar power system!I would wont solar energy next to the sea too.Montana solar energy.The way of the future !
Thanks for the presentation.Thx for info.you said "How many employers have a free gas pump in the parking lot where workers can fill up whenever they want?" And then you used that to make the point "free e-car charging won't continue for this reason.".... while it's probably true that cars won't get to continue charging for free, that analogy doesn't make much sense because the running cost of a gas pump includes the continuous stream of fuel you have to keep buying as people use it up, but a solar charging station is a lot closer to a one-time expense. Aside from setup, you'd have to keep buying gas for everybody (obviously not very economical), but what's the running fuel cost of solar?

again, not necessarily disagreeing with your conclusion, but flawed reasoning is flawed reasoning and I believe it can lead to a misinformed audience.Cool great work one day am sure we will invent out technology to store and use later like power bank....Next is finding an inexpensive way of making households power banks, that are non toxic and last abusive use. Revamp the old nickel iron, something that doesn't need importing unlike the mobile phone battery. Also another good use of solar energy is thermal power, for cleaning or desalination of water over many cycles, and the turbines that can be run off the stream segments of the process.and be continued in to the night with either heat storage or coal. Set up near greenhouses or floating on rivers - coastal areas, since much of what slows projects down is finding land.Some great insights by Kunal Munshi.Superpower? Seriously? China produces more electricity from renewable energy than the total electricity consumption of India. India is no where close to China.awesome wonderful fantastic .keep it upCurrently world consumption is 17.7 TW per year.  232,000 MW is just 0.232 TW.  That's only 1.31% of what's needed currently.  I really hoped PV capacity would be higher by 2015.  And then he says the rapid increase in capacity will eventually level off.  Hopefully that won't be soon.How will things change when energy is effectively free and renewable?If Kurzweil is correct, by 2030 solar power can fulfill 100% of the electricity needs, making all power plants obsolete. I seriously doubt that. There are governments who are building nuclear powerplants right now. Are they too stupid to waste vast amount of money on powerplants that will be obsolete in 12 years? I do love free electricity, but I do not think raising the efficiency or solar panel will be always easier. As the value reaches the top, it usually becomes harder and harder to increase. That is why increasing your test score from 90 to 100 is far more difficult than increasing from 20 to 30.It will be interesting to come see what the costs are like in twenty years if these old solar plants are still running.Solar power is getting pretty big in India.We have a 5.5 kWh solar system on our home. I'm pro-solar.  I'm also pro reality.  It is not accurate to say anything close to solar being x-price 'without subsidies'.  The industry exists only b/c of govt intervention (which I support). The mfg experience curve of solar is largely b/c of Chinese govt over the past five years.   The installation in South America and India are absolutely supported by govt intervention w/ infrastructure, forced PPAs, FDI.  
We can be bullish on solar but stop with the 'no subsidies' needed line.  It's misleading.  Govt policy is still driving this sector and will for the foreseeable future.  
Nor does this talk address the system level costs of solar and the very real challenges of paying for integration and ROC challenges for utilities (which were also birthed by govt).  Celebrate progress but with a more truthful framing. Policy matters more than the techWhat about the costs of transmission lines to the middle of nowhere where the land is cheap enough to put in giant solar plants? Let's factor in the real costs shall we?I can't endure listening to Varun Sivaram, he is a child, belongs to an MBA program, silicon tech based solar is already over 20%... CFR is embarrassing itself by associating to this guy... just guys with fantasies... Just a talking head, with no comprehension of what he is talking about...Thank you for all that you do. BlessingsThank you, Shayle Kann for putting this child (Varun Sivaram) in his place.The video skips forward at 27:03.  Any chance to upload the uncorrupted video?Any heat output? You need cooling on this so ....Rain or snow= fuckedThis appears to be a concentrator and the active area appears to be a circle fitting within each hexagon. It's kind of hard to tell how big each hexagon is, so let's assume 1 meter across the circular area. Thus, each hexagon has 0.785 square meters of active area and 7 units is 5.50 square meters total. At 1000W of incoming solar power (standard test level) 5500W input gets turned into 3500W of electricity for a 63.6% efficiency. That's higher than the highest multi-junction solar cell currently in the research labs. So either the units are bigger than my estimation, or this is bullshit.

Given a 40% efficiency for your multi-junction cell, each circle would need to be 1.26 meters across.

The beauty of a solar concentrator is that you can use a shockingly expensive solar cell at the focus, because you only need a few. The pain of a solar concentrator is that it must always point right at the sun, and the focus can get hot enough to melt steel, so it must have high-capacity active cooling.Neither wind nor solar can be base load, yet.
Thats the bad news.go solarjust a fun bit...China's solar energy now produces more energy then their coal does.....   North Korea main income was selling coal to China....China has just stopped buying coal from North Koreanew era is coming, terrorists, murders, butchers, dictators from Middle East and Russia be ready to starvenot may, it's inevitable, solar tech are getting insanely productive right now, 
there's even a solar panel that can generate electricity through contact of rain drop.
here's source http://www.sciencealert.com/how-graphene-could-help-solar-panels-produce-energy-when-it-s-rainingsolar energy is the futureThis is EXCELLENT! Looking forward to your fantastic new discovery!wow!!!! fantastic Sam ,so interesting ."I did build rockets at a kid"
Well.. I did play games as a kid..
and Yes, I will cry nowElon Musk did reach the third levelElon Musk is probably the Einstein or Newton of this generation.Elon is my biggest inspirationHe clearly has autism. High functioning in math, science, physics... photographic memory... low functioning in communication, inflection, pacing, polytones, excitement, etc.He has very brilliant and humble mind approach towards "negative" feedbacks from people around him, particularly his real friends; I believe they are closed friends who never idolise him and have always given him good ideas or feedbacks to push him to excel further; always tell him the realities without prejudices and beating around the bushes, how many people have such good friends, better be grateful!Hears about random people commenting about him stuttering. *Wins Academy Award portraying Walter Cronkite in 2 years.*I don 't know if people realize it but we humans are solar powered...I'm a huge admirer of Elon's work. From creating a video game, to carving the way for a sustainable, interplanetary, future twice as fast as anyone else would have. Mars is just the beginning. Imagine all of the hidden bright minds we have today, still making their way to the spotlight. Who knows. Maybe we'll even be interstellar in my lifetime. We never thought we'd be holding first stage a.i in the palm of our hand (smartphone), containing a chip the size of your pinky nail, with more computing power than a super computer had a mere decade ago. If you believe hard enough, anything is possible. Thank you for inspiring me Elon. I value you, not as a role model, but as a mentor for successfully manifesting your dreams into this reality. Live long and prosper.Is Tesla hiring??LAUGH AT HIS JOKES GUYS, WTF!! his sun joke and newton 3rd law joke got NO laughs :(Stuttering can sometimes be a side effect of having many thoughts at once. While doing interviews this man was probably brainstorming about his next ventureThe interviewer's tone is noticeably different between this interview and the one that's just been released.This man is building a future we always dreamt ofTürkçe çeviri yapan arkadaşa teşekkürler.Wait but why anyone?Without knowing I put the same clothes on this morning he is wearing in that video.expandquestion knowledge gained through media,its not against the law to think! its almost without cost,epand your resourceswtf is that clicky sound in the background!! huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhElon will gown in History as one of the greatest innovators of all time!Every time he said, 'why would you buy something else' I was like hahaha dude have u heard about TrumpiansHow about a solar powered roof on the Tesla? would it work ? I'm thinking about extending the range driving time. what do you guys think?I love this concept. The only problem I have with this is politics. In the state of California to come off the grid is illegal. People are being kicked out of their homes because they're using solar power and are not a part of the grid. Some of these places are in remote areas where they have to dig their wells for water and provide their own power. It cost nearly $100,000 to have power brought to their residence. They're being told they can keep their land but they cannot live in their home. That kind of sucks.I would love to do this on my own roof. I can afford to do so. However net metering is making this concept unattractive. Until politics aligns and catches up with technology I may as well stay where I'm at. The idea that the county, state, or government can dictate how much power you can keep for yourself and they can bill you, while taking all the power they want, is ludicrous. I will own one of these cars and roof, but I'm going to wait to see how this all plays out. It seems technology is moving way faster than the bureaucrats can keep up with.Is it me or is that the model 3 12:27 15:45It looks cool. But what will happen in the winter?
When will the roof be covered with snow?People don't appreciate energy storage and solar power enough. I find a 200 kWh Powerpack and 50 kW of solar panels more desirable than even the car.Tesla. Please fuck me daddyThis is definitely the future of energy production.  Mr. Musk:  please consider opening up massive factories in one or more of this Country's dead industrial centers, offering jobs to thousands AND helping us to extricate ourselves from oil and coal.  If this is done, the prices of course would drop and hopefully within 10 years, everyone in America could benefit from this revolutionary technology.Way to go Elon! This should be marketed to home builders. Unless they have a deal with oil companies to keep everyone sucking off of them forever.What if your roof leaks?When you open in Saudi Arabia? hey tesla is the tesla car has a anti lock brake system?imagine if elon musk had the showmanship of a steve jobstesla come to pakistanthe real question is, what Solar panel charge controller - inverter is compatible with Powerwall 2?there will be a decrease in buying electric cars in a few years...but it will increase in about 20 years againwait, how will this work with snow?? this wont work at allЕсть люди из России ?62 and loving it! tuuuuuuuune@3:00 my life stands still everytime❤️Last ForeverAnd probaly best song of trance even made trance.First heard this track from Oakenfold at Home in leciester square, good times!Gives me goosebumps still...Have heard all the remixes of this track!! Track should be called 'Goosebumps'....Long live Pure Trance!Hey, a pukka pie!Instantly takes me back to those amazing, crazy nights filled with love and laughter. #TranceForever!!It's 2017 and I've only just discovered this masterpiece  
Love it !!!Kate PerryLa buena música hace salir lo mejor que toda persona lleva dentroThat bit at 2.50........This is by far the best mix of this track iv listened to!!!! Does everyone agree??? If not then fuck u!!!!!You are an amazing artista milestoneawsome tune it's In my top 10 rave tunes along with moogwai viola and a few othersbrillianti love the bit at 2:50still love this after all these years.. still gives me goosebumps.top tune pure classicwhat a fucking glorious piece of music. thanx to whoever made this56 peolpe who didn´t like it......WHY?As requirment if i can i can also make my city my place something beautiful like masder...Así como cuando no encuentras en que gastar tu dinero, ps se te ocurre crear una ciudad.Dear Robert, please go back to Masdar and give us an update on the developments the city has gone throu in the last 5 years. It would be so amazing to have some good news after this last week (He who must not be named's retreat from the Paris accords).I applaud UAE for being such forward thinking on the renewable energy front. it's rare to see this in Arab countries.I'm a huge Fan of their Natural Resources development. Any updates on troops coming back to the USA 100%? I keep hearing people getting "deployed". When all the technology in place, I think our guys/country need to focus on Learning from the Middle East would benefit every1. Less Orphans & Huge USA $$$ savings!It's a beautiful thing!Ive been there , its amazing , increadible , mashalah .Let this be a lesson to all third world countries who export so much food globally but allow their governments to pocket the cashOh manWhat an idiot, just get to the cityWhere do these cities in a desert get their water from? I'm guessing they desalinate sea water by burning huge quantities of oil....check out the saurea solar engine by alain coty.   motor runs with high powercity is designed by a british firm...go back for an update 4 years on?jodidos hipócritasseems like the UAE finally realised that the only way to maintain their wealth is to become independent from the only source of income they have been relying on and which is running out at an enormous rate -
oilsky looks so dirtythe intro was cringeElon Musk, the Nicola Tesla of our time :)Fraudient of the centuryHad that idea a long time ago, but didn't have his money, no money, no candy.He's not the best speaker, but he has such revolutionary technology that it really doesn't matter. The shit speaks for itself.I laugh at this idea wat people think they can do since they have money... good luck fire fighters trying to break into a roof like this when their a fireIs he pregnant ?!!!Losing your home (house rather) equity to a company, or the state - is that what they call "energy independence"?  What do you expect from them, when the sec refuses to prosecute a ceo who would take a billion dollars of company funds to hire one Howard Stern, and then say to shareholders, sorry kids, but if we only had two hundred million dollars to keep from going bankrupt, what will we do? .. And so, ceo karmazin sold about half the company (sirius xm) to liberty media to raise the necessary funds to remain a going concern... when government promotes fraud, thievery, or looks the other way, refusing to hear, you know tyranny is coming.Modern day Einstein. The world owes him BIG! I hope he lives a LONG life.Probably costs more than the current solar tech we have, and even that can cost more than the house you put it on... what a waste of timeand tRump wants to bring back coal :/at min 2:14 the house is much nicer than ugly when they changed.can you walk on it?elon is so fat herehis last words: does he want this advance roof to be cost less than a roof made of soil? no wayso badass!super intersting!this man should get a Nobel prizetoo wow oh oh..... Just shut upwhat is different between your solar Panel and simple .... only design...?"were getting to use the biggest nuclear reactor in the universe" - just shut up7:01

How could anyone argue against a voice like that?Buy some batteries.Everyone hating on:
1. Warren Buffet
2. The bitch that said the sun is the largest reactor in the universeFuck Warren TrumpettHmmm...  Sounds like the same thing that has happened in Arizona.  Power companies want to pay homeowners less for the energy they provide, while simultaneously charging those very same homeowners more than they did before they switched to solar.  That absolutely makes no sense.

Further, Municipalities have laws on their books that state homeowners are not allowed to live _'off grid'_ at all.  To get a Certificate of Occupancy, you must also have a grid connection.  And, to have solar panels, they must be connected to the grid as well.  There is no escape from the monopoly power of utilities, granted by Local and State governments.  That sucks.I notice that there was no mention of Musk standing beside the people he sold or leased systems to to ensure they didn't lose their asses, only that as soon as the market became iffy Solar City packed up and left.MuskPower transmission with greater efficiency is just as important as generation.Question: can a couple of entrepreneurs open a utility company that use a solar powered system to provide energy to houses? I understand being off the grid can be illegal, but being a monopoly is too, right?So Buffet is with the bad guys now .Sad for an old manSun is not even close to be the greatest nuclear plant in the universeWareen fans unite \^_^/We need to get rid of the dirty power companies. They are dirty minded and use dirty sources for power. I will build my house with alternative energy sources highly considered.don't worried Elon Musk is going to put all out of businessi remember kenwood lol were but best sound years ago then disappeared but poverty does that  go solar... not just country but world it effect us allthe making of these solar systems costs resources and environmental cost.the power industry needs to get with the program. it's a new age when homes can generate their own energy.
this Monopoly is coming to an end and it shouldthe video said bufett secure the win but it's really Elon who is the winner with the power wallwtf Nevada"It reverts to uh, sort of uh, orange-y color." *Laughs*  

Fucking love this.*All things considered...Dear Mr. Musk, we need you in Costa Rica! (and the rest of the world)
Thank you.Do not not listen to this scam !! Solar city is not out to help anyone . They do not set self contained systems up . They are tied to the grid and you pay them to their panels on your roof . !!!  You pay the bill and sell your power to someone else . Very sneaky scam . Its not easy to spot in the contract , but that is by design . Trust me . If you buy into it you will loose and you cany get these guys s panels off your roof and they lean your house . Dont sign the contract .I feel bad for the Middle East alreadyI've been waiting for a solar roof that looks good! This is great!Is he now trying to even LOOK like tony stark? I mean, he is already the same person! Physically too! LolNext thing we need to sort out is the water fluoridation problem and to stop paying for such crap.Sign me upThank your for innovations the will save this planet for your kids and mine!That moment when you realize that you live up north and the roof is covered with snowThat's great, but it won't come anywhere near solving carbon economy.Who would vote for Elon if he ran for president?https://youtu.be/-5_KyxPO3g4omg you're the most smartest man I ever seenthis man is changing the world, he's clever and rich, he has the perfect method to successthis man is on a roll

we need people like himtoo bad I need a new roof nowwhere do you buy these solar shingles in canada:DCan I bury my digester?Do these systems not produce H2S? The industrial digester I work on has to dose with ferric chloride to keep the H2S in a safe range.Hello,  could you please tell me where in Swaziland you built the digester?Hello, I am currently starting a nonprofit focused on providing a sustainable way of life. This is one of the exact pieces that I need and you seem to be one of the only people that hinted at a heat extraction by water running through tubes! Feel free to contact me at 303-246-1776 and I would love to see if we could work together!Hello, is there a risk that the digestate passes through the gas pipe ?Here's a topic that has raised a lot of questions ---> Does a home-built biogas system need a flashback arrester?Hi great animation, I like it ! I about to set up a unit like this at my home. Will I need some germs to start or to improve the gas production ? In a big installations I saw a rotating propeller inside the tank, would it improve the process ? Than you ;-)Hi there. Do you think a digester such as the one shown could provide enough energy to run a brewhouse kettle/hlt? My brewhouse is 4bbl (462 litres). Many thanks!Hi, Good video! The way you feed it and draw off, the heights  of your pipes  where you draw off will be the the height of your liquid, how do you keep the fluid out of your gas line?How I can filtrate the biogas?Soapy water is fine? Another video says that soap contamination killed their bacteria and shut down their reactor.The most informative video on this subject that I have found yet. Thank you.Thomas thanku very much ...this is most usefull video abt biogas on youtubeWell done. Very helpful.What program do you use to  show the 3D diagrams?What software is used for 3D animation?Would it be possible to build a digester out of a 12 inch PVC pipe and lay it horizontally?  Feed it on one end, take the gas from the top and take the slurry from the far end?  
If so, this would open up a lot of possibilities as to where you could put it, and it would make it easier to connect it to your sink and its garbage disposal.can the feed pipe  be a larger size    ?in cold climates placing the digester in the ground surrounded by grass clippings would likely increase the heat of the tank."Basically, fossil fuel companies are butthurt because they're too dumb to just stop being fossil fuel companies."10 YEAR LOAN
3.18 KWH SYSTEM
70.00 A MONTH PAYMENT
90-98% OF MY ENERGY NEEDS
GO SOLAR IT;S WORTH IT NOW.....
TUCSON,AZ
SYSTEM WONT BE UP AND TURNED ON TILL END OF JULY,I'LL HAVE HARD NUMBERS THIS FALL...DONT SEE ANY DRAWBACKS RIGHT NOW1:09 Elon on tv.An identical business model to show how absurd solar city is:

"CoopedUp is a new company selling chicken eggs directly to the consumer. If you sign up you can have a chicken coop put in your backyard and maintained completely by our staff. In exchange for allowing us to place this here and accessing your property at times, we will sell you eggs at the exact same rate that they can be bought for at the local produce store / market. Come join the family so that we don't have to buy any land and can increase our profits!"Do they get retail rates from the utility or a watt per watt credit?It just makes good sense on so many levels.My friend has a business that offers Solar through Solar providers. Its real easy and cool. If you want to be a Solar Advocate you should check it out at powur.com/james.peterson/learnSolar Contractors are charging way to much and getting rich off dumb homeowners who will take decades to pay of there system. Do your own research and install yourself. Many companies on ebay sell solar panelsThat's very true bro.....ther.....The problem with this is that they are trying to compete with the other businesses who are able to deceive consumers with front end prices, while keeping the back end costs hidden. Still, the effort is a great start and hopefully one people will start to learn more about.They don't save you much money; and you never own the system.They should take over a whole desert state and run the power all over North and South America. Or just buy MexicoWake up people and do the math ,it does not pay to lease  buy the panels and do install that is only way it paysYou gotta be reckless  to let this someone put panels on your home and be on the hook for 20yrs the panels and equipment don't cost that much to buy even on 5yr loan. Basically solarcity if you do your research makes money from the interest on the loans and over charging. The equipment isn't gonna last 20yrs unless they provide a means. If you look at how the guy talks to reporter he is a hard pitched sales man like a used car dealer. If you can stand his type. Solar isnt all that you can cut your usage or buy a wind gen or install your own solar cheaper then what they offer with no 20 year commitment.before Solarcity 40 to 60 a month. after solarcity 110 a month after one year i owe more than its worh. they are exempt from class action law sews. sign contract and you are doomed. the rebate goes to them.did he say invest into renuables or invest into the noodles?i get 300 dollars back come tax seasonjust like everything, you have to do your homework and calculate pros and cons.the key to having utilities accept wind and solar is to have utility size batteries.this will allow the utilities to smooth out the peak demand and they will stop trying to stop solar and wind.the home batteries don't help the utilities until they have utility size batteries.Илон Маск гений, добивается своей цели заселить Марс людьми. Все его проекты к этому ведут.Be careful with this company as there are some branches that are not transparent with the sales and customer satisfaction is not guaranteed after its finalized.For a free energy quote with Solar City for your home go to  http://share.solarcity.com/winwinHello! I signed up to Solar City. My electric bill will be lower now.As independent Solar Ambassador join us to lower your Electric Bill .call me    tel 972 287 2635 .glrfavis13@gmail.com.Gloria Favis I will refer you to this solar City Co.Hey YouTubers -- PLEASE hear me out for 20 seconds -- Thank you.

My name's Henry. I'm an Energy Consultant with SolarCity -- and I'd be more than happy to help you go solar with our popular, free, custom-designed solar system for your home.

No, I'm not a bot or a fake profile. I'm indeed a real person, a humble Hawaiian-Chinese guy working our of our Las Vegas Headquarters that just wanted to extend his free services over the internet to assist those individuals who were even a little bit interested in learning more about solar, SolarCity, electricity, or our programs, etc.

With the versatility of the internet and Google :) a solar consultation can be facilitated for any home, in any state that we operate in, regardless of the state the caller/inquirer is in. I have now helped over 60 individuals and families go solar, all over the country! From Hawaii to New York, to California to New Jersey, and many more states in between.

I don't want this message to be much longer so here is a link to more information, and how you can claim your free solar system to help with your electricity costs. Click here: share.solarcity.com/LearnMoreZeroCost

Again, I sincerely thank you for your time and listening to me. Welcome to a better choice. -Henry LoI was told by the guy who called, when I asked 1. question..If you install the panels and I decide they aren't what you claim can I have them taken off immediately?  His response was...just stop paying for them, and we will for close and take them back...in other words in order to get rid of them if they are not all they claim you have to destroy your credit...this was a power sell at it's worst, I got a call told them I was interested, and ten minutes later I got from the guy who was set to come out and measure and install the item.....after being pressured for another minute I told him sorry I wasn't making a decision like that in a total of a half an hour, when he proceeded to press further I said no, and hung up.....people look into this further find out what your rights are if you agree...this may not be all it's cracked up yo be........

 I'm really gonna try this 
Solar energy it's cheap and affordable I like I likeIs it really possible to go completely off the grid with the option to go back on the grid in winter months where sun is not always visible or over cast often?It costs about $ 25,000 to go solar in Florida. So it does take some time to see a return on your investment. It is good to see progress in solar power for sure. I think my main concern is longevity. Just how long do these things last? Earlier versions didn't last long enough to get your money back so I am hoping these things will have been improved significantly.My friend is a Solar Advocate and offers Solar to people through Solar Providers. Its really cool. If you want to be a Solar Advocate, you should check it out at powur.com/james.peterson/learnThe Best. Thank you SolarCity.Whatever company you chose, Solar is beautiful thing! It's clean, efficient, alternative energy and thanks to companies like SolarCity more people than ever can harness this abundant energy and save on their electric bill. Please do your research before making any negative judgments. SolarCity's no cost installation can save homeowner's hundreds of dollars annually. There is NO monthly fee for panels. You can pay for your production OR purchase the system with your energy production cost and low-interest rate loan as a monthly payment all rolled into one. +meager beaver ; ) you are much to eager to speak for SolarCity's 500,000+ customers... I have spoken to hundreds of HAPPY solar customers all across the United States and this a testment that this company must be doing something right. Praise the sun.When are you going to feature some DC projects?You are not saving any money folks. Yo still have to pay the monthly fee for the panels and such so where are you saving, your not is the answer. Unless there is a way to get the government to pay for the panels in full; you are just trading one bill for another.coming to India?first one is Indian i am interested in solar panels independent from the roof in the website said this solar is actually free or this just another fault advertising??interesting that the advertisement that led me here states "how to get free solar installed at your home" and the video neglects to include any cost information... and every household shown on video appears to be "upscale" lending to the thoughts that Solar is NOT affordable and the advertisement is totally misleading. Considering todays financial climate and scams from all levels of corporate circles including politics... I am not surprised but there should be some moral rules that apply?the devil is in the details (the fine print) and he's there alright

"A 3 kW system starts at $25-$100 per month with an annual increase of 0-2.9% each year for 20-30 years, on approved credit. SolarCity Corporation will repair or replace broken warranted components."

i just canceled my appointment as they could have told me the above at the initial consultation BEFORE they got my phone number and email

i don't like this companywhat quadcopter did u use:)Bad cut @ 0:39 !Climate Change is real... we will all be impacted by it........
The sooner Solar City expands to all 50 states the better.Cool video,Does anyone have info on the song?Does your manufacturing plant run on solar power?Epic with the 2K, Props to SCTY. Amazing companyGreat green, high tech video!Great presentation! Dig the sound track. Has a Flying Lotus vibe to it. I'd love to find out the name of the track.How much time (assuming a reasonable daily power generation per day by a solar panel) does it take to recover the overall energy invested in making the solar panel?Please could we have a comentary next time like on the building of a Tesla !So cool :-)Thanks  to  Solar  City and Matt Hodges I  now have 13KW on my  roof.  That equals  approximately  99% of my electrical  needs...The technology is caring to the environment, that´s a great ideaTruly incredible..... Best company I have ever worked for :)  I am amped to go to work each day!!!!!!!  #SolarCity  i'd love to see an ad like you made for fossil energy, showing the steps from mining the materials to the assembly on people's roofs. And recycling when it's broken. ^^would have preffered some exlainations and just some facts but it was good still thanks1:33 lol at dude missing the stud like 10 times. DON'T YOU EVEN SNAP TOGGLE BRO??!?Call 1-888-SolarCity to Qualify for $0 Down + Free Solar System Installation. Become the latest SolarCity "Happy Homeowner".Great Video! Can't wait to get Solar on my house :) Great video! Anyone know there scheduled hours by chance?Great video! More of these. Why on earth don't you install panels on the Tesla Fremont factory??I am so proud to be a SolarCity employee as well as a CUSTOMER!! :) I made it myself thanks to INPLIX websiteIf you don't know how to make it by yourself , just go to inplix website.Interested in a Free Consultation. You can Save Thousands with Clean, more Affordable Energy. I can set it up for you.
http://share.solarcity.com/natenewbergerIts too easy to true up without stepping with those stupid guards in the front L )Not aesthetically pleasing to see those things on your roof though. So it takes you 4 hours to install 17 panels?Solar city it's fakeTwo permit inspections in one day?UGLY AS HELL ON YOUR HOUSE .............Very good for people getting into the solar electricity world. Whether you have a deep understanding of electricity or you have basic knowledge, this will guide you towards the right system for you. Everything you need to know to get started and build an effective system is right there. https://plus.google.com/b/100728704920141855812/100728704920141855812/posts/WjRt4LRZEzoWhen will Solar City service the "Sunshine State" of Florida?an do it yourself ,just go to inplix page and learn how to make it.my crew would have killed both jobs in 3 hours maxthis is awesome!Do you guys ACTUALLY provide the solar panels?Elaine Musky fanboys and employees. Check out the reviews of Yelp and see for yourself.Every new home needs to be energy efficient and come with Solar Panels........
LED light bulbs save energy and the price of the bulbs have dropped significantly.......
Save energy = save money.............I am a HAPPY SolarCity customer as well as a HAPPY employee. I love  this company!!I saw SketchUp! :)I was one of those who never had the courage But now that we have managed to build a solar panel and have advanced in knowledge and think make money from it not only saves It is unbelievable You can find here ABOUTSOLARCELLS.COMXA.COM  all the tips guidance .... will learn how to build end help build keeping in touch with them and THOSE with EXPERIENCE help them find what they need and guiding is one of the best in the market believe me ABOUTSOLARCELLS.COMXA.COMIm building my home. and wondering if it possible to use solar panel as replacement for roof? It might be zero down but what about the cost of repairing the damage to your roof when it leaks that Solar City does not take responsibility for. Not to mention the dishonesty of the staff.More business and household owners see solar energy as effective way to shrink their electricity bills and profit from it as well.My friend is a Solar Advocate. He can offer Solar from a bunch of Solar Providers finding out the best price for his customers. Its cool. It you want to be a Solar Advocate and make some extra commissions/cash, check it out at powur.com/james.peterson/learnNice movie. I am using inplix instructions to made it and I did it already :)Nice to hear the great work done by Solar Panel.

I love green.Only problem is BGE sits on their bitter asses (3-4 months) to pick up the meters or whatever their part is and there is no way to have them expedite their part of their process unless someone can report them to the Public Service Commission...Just sayin'...Signed up for SolarCity today.Solar City is a SCAM SCAM SCAM. Soo many dumb people, no wonder they are in business!Yeah its good make the whole world solar powered.not that I know of...I just took 2 seperate systems and combined...you could go to "ABOUTSOLARCELLS.COMXA.COM" and get ideas...thats where all mine come from.this business model wouldn't fly in Germany where the home owner makes the money  instead of some middleman.  who pays for the solor panels? i mean do solor city charge a monthly fee and sell the extra energy back to the grid Manila needs a state of the art recycling and garbage disposal plant that will work for the city itself, create jobs, and ultimately clean that dirty city and bring manila back to her glorious state. Then maybe foreigner will visit her.May God continue to give us wisdom in everything but first we must submit ourselves at His feet for He is God, the source of everything!hooo!that is superb & extravagant! glad that Phils. continuosly progresses since the past years, tho there are still some flaws on public infrastures, I'm hopeful that it will soon be remedied by our brilliant human resources...the archis , engrs., constructors etc. MMDA but for manila alone this project was commendable coz the LGU was able to redeem its reputation being the country's capital. but of course, i'm glad that the other cities as well are not left behind such as Taguig(BGC), QC(Eastwood), Pasig(Ortigas) and of course the ever progressive business dist. -Makati. sulong mga pilipino...tungo sa pag unlad! mabuhay ang nagkakaisang/nagbabayanihang lahi.wag sana matoloy kahit magdala pa yan madaming trabaho baka lalong magbaha s  roxas boulevardCall 1-888-SolarCity to Qualify for $0 Down + Free Solar System Installation. Become the latest SolarCity Happy Homeowner.Home Energy Storage   http://www.solarcity.com/residential/energy-storage.aspx  
SolarCity's new battery system can help you keep the lights on and fridge cold during a power outage or natural disaster while potentially saving you even more on your monthly utility bills.
Our battery systems are currently offered in selected California markets. We hope to offer the service nationwide by the end of the year.
 
Compact, Safe and Durable
SolarCity is making the latest advancements in battery technologies available to you through our partnership with Tesla Motors. Only SolarCity's home backup system uses technology engineered by Tesla, leveraging their expertise in developing battery technologies for premium electric vehicles.
Tesla's long history of research and development has enabled a cost-effective, wall-mounted storage appliance that is small, powerful and covered by a long lasting full 10 year warranty.
The actual battery unit is about the size of a solar power inverter, and will be mounted on the wall in your garage or near your electrical panel.
 
Be Prepared for Anything
Your battery system will provide your home with power if the utility grid goes down—such as after an earthquake or other natural disaster. A fully charged battery will power basic home needs for a few days and a solar powered home can recharge the battery from the sun to run indefinitely.*
*Limiting power use to essential devices such as lights and refrigerator. Not all services available in all regions.

A fully charged battery provides enough energy for your essential needs during an emergency.
Run Your Refrigerator—Make sure you don't lose all the food in your fridge during a power outage.
Charge Your Cell Phone—Stay in touch with loved ones, news, and emergency response when you need it most.
Provide Basic Light—Not being in the dark can make an emergency situation safer and less stressful.
Home Security—Ensure any systems protecting your home and property are up and running.
 
Reduce Your Electric Bill
An additional benefit of energy storage is to reduce peak-usage charges on your utility bill. Some utilities offer Time-of-Use (TOU) rate plans in which the price of electricity varies based on the hour of the day. Rates are higher during the afternoon when electric demand is at its "peak" across all utility customers.
 
A storage system may help you save more money by drawing power from your battery instead of from the grid during higher rates peak hours. You can then recharge your battery during lower rate, off-peak hours.
 
All in the Family: Tesla Battery Packs in SolarCity Backup Systems
http://www.plugincars.com/all-family-tesla-battery-packs-solarcity-backup-systems-129025.html  
 
Tesla's Industrial-Grade Solar Power Storage System
http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2013-12-06/teslas-solar-power-storage-unit  
It lets customers go off the grid when utilities charge their highest rates and provides a backup during outages.
 
SolarCity is the ONLY solar company that can now offer affordable TESLA battery backup systems.
With terrorist threats to our electrical grid systems, this is an important development.
 
California Electric Grid Attack Was “Terrorism”    February 10, 2014
Will a terrorist with a rifle spark a massive blackout?
http://legalinsurrection.com/2014/02/california-electric-grid-attack-was-terrorism/
 
California senator pushes utility security bill – KCRA TV
Sen. Jerry Hill, D-San Mateo, announced proposed legislation
http://www.kcra.com/politics/california-senator-pushes-utility-security-bill/24908868  I HAVE NOT SAVED ANY MONEY SINCE I GOT THE PANELS ITS COST ME 188.46+188.46+191.19= 567.71 THATS WITH MY PAYM'T TO SOLARCITY FOR 52.46 EACH MONTH!!! THEY TOLD ME VERBALLY (WHICH VOCAL IN TEXAS IS LIKE A CONTRACT) THAT IT SHOULDN'T COST ME MORE THEN 10.00 A MONTH . WELL THAT WAS A LIE. I HAVE PAYED THE 567.71 FOR OVER 3 MONTHS NOW. BECAUSE WENT 2 MONTHS AND LOST THAT WATTAGE BECAUSE I WASN'T WITH A COMPANY THAT, THAT COULD MANAGE THE CELLS. SO I WILL NOT GET THOSE ENERGY CREDITS FOR THOSE TWO MO'S NOW. I HATE SOLARCITY , I DO NOT TRUST THEM, THEY HANDLED ALL THIS THREW EMAILS AND SOMETIMES EMAILS DONT GET TO U.
 I can help anyone with questions about how the solar program works. We are fully integrated and transparent. All homes are a case by case basis on how the savings will add up. I look forward to hearing from you!
http://share.solarcity.com/jimimccagnoI feel like this is something that we should have had awhile ago.I had Solar City install panels on my roof seven months ago and the system  is still not up and running they have no explanation as to why in the mean time my electric bill is massive. My roof leaked as soon as the panels were installed and they still  have not fixed it.I want a rich mega genius cousin!I would be all over this, like white on rice, but I have serious concerns about what my bills will be after the changeover. People need to be paid, to do these installations, and the material costs must be covered, as well as maintenance.
Panels can run more than $450.00/ea., and there's more involved than just placing them on the roof. You have to tie into the existing grid system.
Bottom line, nothing's free. There's always a catch, and companies that grow at these rates, nearly always disappear, leaving their customers in the lurch, when that happens, and everything starts failing. The panels will eventually fail. Does the company replace them for free? How fast do they respond to calls, when something does fail? What do they charge for replacement & repairs? Sorry to play devil's advocate here, but living in a country where careless consumerism, and built in obsolescence, with no accountability, seems to be "the norm" for business practice, I'd need more iron clad reassurance, and definitely more information. I've already been asked to sign up for wind power, at an increased rate of roughly $8.00/mo. That's no incentive to get people to go cleaner. Greed always kills it. Does it not make more sense to charge slightly less than the dirty competition, and gain more broad spectrum customer base? R&D is no excuse to charge more money. R&D was already paid for, decades ago, and usually not by the consumer of the product. It's paid for through government grants and investors. If I could save $8.00/mo. on my electric, by switching, and be guaranteed to always have a lower rate than what PECO charges, and the peace of mind, that in 10 years, this company will not sell out and become defunct, there'd be no argument whatsoever from me.I would love to work for Solar City!
Its a trap to lease it. Buy your own Solar panels.No catch they sell electricity cheaperPut Solar Panels on you roof, and a Tesla in your garage and tell the koch brothers to kiss your ass!!!!!!SolarCity is awesome! Finally you have a choice in your electricity provider. The contract is simple and everything is written in simple terms. They cover all maintenance, repairs, monitoring free for 20 years. They even place a $2 million insurance plan on your roof at no extra charge. If you can purchase a system great! If not, you can still save $ every month by leasing a system.Taking your part in creating a better future is all good without a doubt. But I don't buy this "you'll pay less" bullcrap. Can a 10 years old solar city customer convince me it's true?The world is a better place because of SolarCity. This is an inspirational company that touches every person that comes in contact with them. Imagine what the world will be like in a few years as more and more people choose solar to power their beautiful homes...They are down here in Florida now.  Essentially you make nothing off the deal.  They pocket the Fed credit and then get payments out of you for 20 years that are higher than the electric would be if you just bought it from the power company.  What you end up owning is the outdated gear that needs to be replaced by then.  (You'll have to replace it with your roof no matter what so you better have a fairly new roof).  Not even remotely a good deal.  It would be ALOT less expensive for you to buy the panels, inverters, and mounting hardware and then hire a local company to come install the equipment.  Better yet do it yourself in a ground or pole mount (then your roof will never be an issue and much easier/safer to install and maintain) and have an electrician come out and bless your work.  You'd own it day 1 and would break even around year 10 instead of year 20.They need to open a branch here in South Africa. Give back to their home country , this could be a solution to Eskom's load-sheddings.Very impressive entrepreneur! Fantastic marriage of products that have no catches.solarcity fucken liars. i use to pay 40 to 80 a month. now i pay solarcity 110 a month and its not enough i owemore that its worhwhat if I wanna own my solar panels?2000 Km es muy poco, yo al año me tiro 30k km entre ir al trabajo(15 Minutos de mi casa) y de compras(10 minutos de mi casa) y salir de paseo 2 o 3 veces al mes...Aunque aquí en España, probablemente no llegará los de los techos solares, yo digo que esto avanza por buen camino. Cada vez más cerca el vehículo eléctrico para el común de los mortales.Bien por Malaga, espero que lo consigan porque cada paso que se de sera positivo para el cambioBuenas noches Saul, te sigo desde hace tiempo y aunque no siempre estoy de acuerdo contigo reconozco que en muchos de tus comentarios y en tu forma de pensar coincidimos. Es triste que en España con la cantidad de energía que se 'desperdicia' diariamente con este maravilloso sol y clima que tenemos nuestro gobierno, no sólo no incentive de una forma sostenible las energías renovables, sino que las penalice como lo hace. Mi sueño y espero poder hacerlo algún día es poder vivir en una vivienda ecosostenible y energeticamente autosuficiencia sin que por ello me claven a impuestos... creo que como pueblo estamos todavía muy lejos de países como en el que tienes la suerte de vivir (aunque te quede cada día menos por tu inminente cambio), o como en otros muchos donde los gobiernos tienen unas prioridades más saludables para sus ciudadanos, para el país y para el mundo. Apoyo como tú el cambio gradual de nuestro sistema energético y espero poder contribuir en la medida de lo posible a ello. ¡Sigue así!Con esa nueva intro hay que admitir que vuelves a lo grande, transmitiendo ganas de seguir teniéndonos enganchados con cada video que subas, independientemente de la frecuencia. Felices Fiestas.En 10 años habrán cargadores eléctricos como gasolineras y el precio será exorbitante como ahora con la gasolina, estoy seguro de ello. Porque? Negocio.En España si nos unimos todos los conductores y a través de la unión de algún colectivo de usuarios de automóviles con ganas de eléctricos, nos tendrían que tomar en serio, mientras estemos enbobaos con el fútbol y corazón corazón, las mafias eléctricas segiran haciendo su negocio a costa nuestra.Este es el tipo de capitulos que mas disfrutoHe estado echando cuentas y me sale un consumo eléctrico medio diario en mi casa de 20kwh, incluyo la recarga del coche eléctrico. 
¡UFFF! No me llega, soy peor que los Yankis.Hola Saúl
Me encantan tus vídeos, que envidia me da... aunque dudo que yo algún día pueda tener uno...
Me gustaría que comentases que opinas sobre el Hardware 2 de Tesla en autopilot Dnd ya se propone una conducción prácticamente autónoma... me gustaría hicieras un vídeo sobre ello.
Un abrazo y lo dicho me encanta tu canal, me gustan tus vídeos y ojalá yo pudiera conocerte algún día, quién sabe si con mi propio Tesla, jejeje
UN FUERTE ABRAZOHola, tenes alguna idea de como van conectadas entre sí?Osea que habra una diferencia notable entre los que compren un tesla este año y los que lo hagan a partir del año que viene, porque 2000kms me parecen poca cosa. Esto me recuerda a sony, cuando tenia gratis en ps3 el modo online pero en la ps4 ya han metido el pago porque se dieron cuenta de que no era rentableSr. Saul L. pero no se supone que las recargas de los Tesla eran "gratuitas" porque estaban incluidas en el precio de compra de cualquier Tesla?
Claro; así lo explicaste en un video....Una pregunta. Tradicionalmente, los paneles solares tanto los colectores solares(calientan agua) como los paneles fotovoltaicos (generan electricidad) eran un soporte independiente de la cubierta para poder inclinarlos el mismo angulo que el sol en esa zona (es decir la latitud), y de esta manera conseguir un rendimiento mayor al incidir perpendicularmente los rayos del sol sobre la superficie de éste. 

¿Como consigue Tesla y Solar city solucionar este problema con sus tejas? ¿está obligandote a diseñar la cubierta de tu domicilio para adaptarla a su diseño? Que pasa si tengo cubierta plana, han pensado en algun diseño para este tipo de cubiertas?, ¿piensan en algun diseño posible para fachada?

Un saludo y gracias por tu trabajo!Ya me imagino cuando cambie el clima y granice todos los cristal glass se van a romper y lo costoso que saldrá volverlos a ponerhas visto esta noticia del huevo de Pascua? 
http://www.appy-geek.com/Web/ArticleWeb.aspx?regionid=7&articleid=77803664&source=drive

Saludos!hola saul. una pregunta el model s tiene una transmicion secuencial tipo tiptronic?http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/2016/11/21/watch-how-teslas-self-driving-cars-see-the-road/
Para aquellos que quieren ver como funciona internamente el autopilot de tesla ahi va eso.

Aunque no os lo creais para que funcione el autopilot se necesita un mini superordenador que haga todos esos calculos y detecciones instantaneamente.

Desde el punto de vista informatico todos los teslas que llevan autopilot incorporan un SUPERORDENADOR NVIDIA instalado en el coche wooow.

Un Saludo.

Felicidades a los Tesleros.ke mala onda del pagoperfecto para esquivar la puñetera ley al solBeing the pride in the fight for freedom and beyond! Thank you!Damn it I'm getting weepy. I love this.Happy Veterans day from a Veteran to a Veteran! Get a free ride from UBER! https://get.uber.com/invite/i4rgwYou guys hiring ?Your videos are improving by the year. What a great guy!thanks solar.citythis only has 18,00 views, meanwhile some celebrity gets millions


darn shameye a aaaaa today is veterans day thanks all people who give their lives to save us im 10 year old and i want to be a veteranHow come I haven't seen one these displays in my Home Depot?  Why don't you guys team up with Costco?I saw one recently in mine :P and it led me to elon and then into investing :P haha. Once I hear the no money down thing, I was hooked.I want to buy one glass solar shingle just to see it..Home Depot here I comeI'm the Big Foot of solar footprint.  Lock in your rate for 20 years. Not good!Oh no, good-bye Homey Depot.  Boycotting you now.  Be careful who you get in bed with.Please contact me by phone @ 423-627-4954 as I've been/am lookin into roof panel solar now; for a few years. I am disabled & income is only $796 mo. I'm lookin for the cheapest way to do all this, w/lease/rent options; or payment purchase one's financed. I have a12 x 55 single wide mobile home, that I own & would put it up for collateral if needed......Thanks ! Looking forward to hearing from someone soon........james McCann/ rural E. Tn.Read about my experience and see my review on this company at Yelp.com.Solar City isn't dumb. They'll test in Home Depot and if it works well, they'll immediately be inside other retailers like Costco and Walmart. They'll get distribution.This is a great movement to be a part of.  If you are interested in being paid for referrals to SolarCity, reach out to me at http://share.solarcity.com/solarcityjeffcan I take the solar system with me if I move?i was contacted at home depot. my bill was 40 to 80 a month. after solarcity 110 and now owe more than system is worth. you cant take em to court they are exemt from anykind of courts. out to get you.solar cells at cheap rates

visit ABOUTSOLARCELLS.COMXA.COM252 volts from the grid is oddly high.How much money is this system saving you if you don't mind my asking?I work for your energy solutions an we want to grow same  a's solarcityIs your array a string array or was it microinverters on each panel?Read about my experience and see my review about this company on Yelp.comSolar energy is the future.......

The fossil fuel industry hates it and will do all they can to slow the adoption of alternative energy sources.do you plan on getting a powerwall?i wish your last camera shot was of you turning on your system.
nice job!!what about feeder taps from a non-fussible disconnect to a piece of equipment such as a pv solarguard monitoring deal?Elon Musk needs to sit down with Travis Kalanick and give him lessons on how to run a company. Uber is sh** because of Travis. Elon please slap some sense into this guy. Your job is amazing!!!Elon Musk will find out about Hemp batterys soon.They are way better than Lithium yet not toxic,wont explode and way cheaper to produce.Checkout Robert Murray Smiths YouTube channel.Elon is so smart that conducting a presentation is obviously boring to him, it's like he saying "why haven't someone figured this out by now!" but he is definitely a world changer!Elon musk gets me pretty fucking erect.I have to say it again. I'm in awe of Elon Musk but his presentation skills are dreadful and at times painful to listen to. I understand the substance over style argument but you should be able to articulate your vision, communicate your goals and engage your audience. A few public speaking workshops wouldn't kill him.I'm actually getting worried about/for him/ I hope he is not getting into burnout territory!!   His quarterly conference calls are sounding more and more taxing on him...If only this affected me as an Australian renter. I will probably never get my own house in this market, nor be able to tile it with this great invention. Don't forget about the renters Elon, we make up half of our country here.Incredible vision hope it takes off, and hope he improves his presentation skills woeful so am yeIt seems to me that after every drizzle you'll need to clean and wipe your roof again and again so that they are still efficient, and thit might be problematic in most cases. Cities are quite polluted with dust, wind may also bring (and it does in fact) leaves and dirt of every kind onto the roof. And in the time of winter you'll need to get up onto your roof endlessly to clean it from snow... Don't know...Thank you Elan, for all you are doing in the Clean Energy area.The audience must be his employees , all that stupid clapping   lolThe comments about his presentation skills are kind of silly to me.  Here is a man that brings a real solution to a global problem, and it is just the beginning of his journey.  Some people talk a good talk, but who cares, Elon Musk is a real visionary, whether you like his presentation or not, who cares, the roofs looks amazing, so much better than these ugly solar panels.  I praise these guys and his courage to bring a real change that will echo in for decades to come.  I am a fan.This is amazing!! It is a must have for anyone building a home.great idea, but my concerns are how would you go up on your roof to clean the leaves out of the gutters without slipping off the glass tiles and falling off the roof?  Would these tiles heat up during the winter to melt snow?he's a bit like a teenager giving a classroom talk in front of his crush but I have nothing but admiration for this man and I'd say one day he will be the richest man in the worldhes on stage in America telling Americans that they need to cut carbon emissions while playing a video in the background of a factory in China spewing polutionhow someone can have such great product and so poor presentation of themobviously a very intelligent and valuable man- but his presentation style is pretty appalling.set speed to 1.25
thank me later(6.23 sec).   35k for solar panels and powerwall, thanks but no thanks you.1:20:33- 1:22:20 gallery format27:00 "...and allowed you to go completely off grid"

Solar City needs the grid to survive.  Solar City is a virtual utility that requires good government regulation of the grid to survive.  We probably don't have enough good government regulation of the grid to satisfy Musk's vision to stop the humanity's insane fossil fuel experiment.  If Solar City is part of Tesla it does not have to rely on good grid policy to survive.  Good grid policy will be a nice to have, and it'll make Tesla/Solar City more money, but in the states where grid policy is Neanderthal, Solar City's business can't even exist--unless it's combined with Tesla.  

TL;DR: Tesla combined with Solar City can take their customers off grid if the local PUC isn't cooperating with their renewable vision.  Solar City can't do that by itself.3025 trillion3650-3735 better wayAs interesting as Elon is , i cant understand what they guy is actually saying, hes mumbling so much and some words are just a slur :(Customers would like "every thing" for free - so why not combine all companies into one giant Umbrella Company, and have products and services assigned on a needs only basis?  The Pope and Musk are on the same team.  For the one preaches Enviro-mentalism, and the other preaches "Hate greed" and "Profit is evil" - and so, the two philosophies together support the same agenda - to create a zero profit economy where there are no longer owners, but workers and managers only.  This will of course means that a Police State is needed to keep "the rebels" or a "rebel alliance" from threatening the New World Order.  You guys need to stop listening to arguments about what is best for the environment or the customer IF those arguments are coming from business managers - for managers are to represent the interests of the owners, the shareholders, first and foremost.  What business should do, or should not be allowed to do, in terms of products and services, subsidies or prices - ought to strictly be the domain of government.  
What, you think it is a coincidence that private property rights are disappearing, 
while organizations such as the DHS or legislation such as the USA Patriot Act, 
are forced upon the people?  The USA Patriot Act is there to "hunt down" the patriots.  And the DHS, is not about "homeland" as in the domestic affairs of the 
nation - but the DHS is an INTERNATIONAL policing organization.  Now, some believe that the entire Earth is theirs, is their Homeland... This is what happens when you have ingnorant people in charge of illiterates - and will they not all 
fall into a ditch?  "Look, here is water.  What prevents me from being baptized?"  Well, apparently not God.  See, Acts 8:39, kjv.Earn a Tesla and twenty years of residual income, start today......  https://powur.com/with/richard.milne/joinGood move to get Solar Charge stations up with Solar City both on the road and at home but I still have a few Ideas for Elon Musk to add.Haha, no wonder this makes sense. Less travel time and less overhead managing two companies instead of one. He should just merge Tesla with SpaceX as well while at it, then he can just sit in one big chair and control his empire!I see Solar City becoming a trillion dollar market cap company without merging with Tesla.I think he's extremely nervous...curious. Mumbling a lot and incoherent answers often. Though he sounds confident on long term prospects. Not sure though.I'm a skeptic. Not on the future of solar, just TSLA. Short TSLA today!In the 3Q15 report, Solar City management claimed that the Net Present Value of 
 the Retained Value, (after covering all the debt payments owing) is about 33 dollars 
 a share. (You can download the 3Q15 pdf report from Solar City's website.)  
 If Tesla Motors wishes to acquire Solar City, given that that Retained 
 Value is compounding at about a 20% rate a year, should they not pay Solar City 
 shareholders a multiple of 33, say 66 dollars a share?Please excuse Kelly KitKat... she's not a billionaire nor intelligent. If she were either of those, we wouldn't see her rambling nonsense here. PAID SHILLSCTY shareholders are getting robbed, as Solar City has just hit an inflection point - they posted net income of 50 million for q3 of 2016 .. and those quarterly profits are only going to keep rising quarter over quarter going forward.Thanks for sharing :)This article makes a lot of sense of this move: http://qz.com/723125/the-real-reason-elon-musk-is-bringing-tesla-and-solar-city-together/Today is July 10th. Happy birthday Mr. Nikola Tesla. Earth has given you a special Birthday present. Mr Elon Musk! R.I.P.i couldnt be arsed listning to this but elon musk is a legend! king of mars yes!Fantastic interviewGreat interview, why is Solarcity not in Florida?He looks down when asked about the 30% TAX CREDIT THEY'RE PROFITING OFF OF. So basically they are using a citizens right to the rebate and buying the customers panels for them, at a profit, then buying them back at a deprecated value, and using the panels to sell the customer power. Wow. Look into the Sunpower loan product, way better ROI. Way better product.I forgot to mention that the article I posted in my first post, identifies that according to IMF estimates, the world's governments spent US$1.9Trillion on fossil fuel subsidies in 2011 alone! See the references in the article ...I hope they soon come to Cincinnati, I am 100% interested in a solar roof united with the Tesla batteries so we can finally can get away from the grid.It depents  in All of us  how much credit and importance well give to it solar power is here lets use it  stop complainingOil and Gas get WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY more fucking subsidies and credits shit than renewables, for 80 fucking years! They are also polluting the shit out of the world, what fucking excuse do anyone have for not giving solar or other renewables some fucking tax credit? Anyone?Ray, SolarCity is getting away from Solar Leases and PPA's as they are a dying business model. All of my customers are doing our MyPower Plan, where essentially they own the system from Day 1 and receive a full 30-year warranty on the entire system including the inverters! The homeowner pays less than what the utility companies charge for the power their system produces and that payment goes towards paying off their solar system with a little bit of interest. Best of all, the HOMEOWNER gets to use the 30% Federal Tax Credit to offset 30% of their system cost in addition to any available rebates from their utility. I have over 400 happy customers with this business model and it's where we're trending as a company. Leases are yesteryear. I want what my customers are asking for and that's system ownership.SOLAR CITY has a flawed in their business model. Most of their customers are lease which depends on the feed in tariff. When governments take away the feed in payment obligation from the utility Lease gets hit hard. Selling the systems is better.The solar industry is small for now, but it is growing rapidly. There is the potential for solar to take over a large portion of electricity generation in the near future.This guy convinced ELON MUSK for investment .... :D ... Put inspection into his mind.... Lyndon Rive is smart guy.We love SolarCity and what we have been able to accomplish with them. It really is a Win-Win! Thanks SolarCity!When is solar city going to the UKYour home will be worth less and hard to sell if you sign a contract with Solar City. Buy and own your own system.love my solar city!when battery storage finally comes of age,the utilities will see the value of solar and wind.batteries at the utility have a way to go.
 Has anybody worked for SolarCity in the residential outside sales position, I am considering working for them?How did it go?I also live in Arizona and am looking into adding solar, including the Powerwall from Tesla.  I have an electric car.. on the EV schedule, I actually have lower costs even after adding the ev.  I see that this was a couple years ago.. can I get an update after your last 2 years?I've had solar installed 4 months ago & it has lowered my overall pge bill from $210 to $95 a month. So I'm pretty happy with them. I noticed some my neighbors going solar. I just wished I referred them.Let me give you a run down of their business model. It sounds great upfront but turns out to be nothing but a feel good scam (unless you're in an area where they offer a lower KWh rate than local power co, which isn't very many places).

In Texas I pay 9.9¢ per KWh. (Yes, including the delivery charges it's actually 6.4¢ + a 3.5¢ fee to cover all the delivery charges). This is through Green Mountain energy. 

Now solar city offered me this $0 down deal and a rep came to my house to explain it. He even added a dash of scare tactics about rolling blackouts over the state. 

This is how it works:

Solar city wants you to pay them as if they were a utility company, they maintain total ownership of the panels (your home value does not increase, they will take their panels back if the next owner won't sign up to pay them for production) and they install the panels, a smart meter and all wiring for free. You pay them a set KWh rate (they offered me 10.7/kwh) for everything that you use until it surpasses the systems production, then you pay a second bill to a traditional power company of their choosing for the rest. You can still pay for a delivery charge when you need it from the grid. There is net metering but there is no power storage option, you can't use extra at night for example, so you'll still have to have a working grid to keep the lights on (so in a blackout this system would only help you during the day). 

They design the system to not produce more than you use on purpose, however if you use less than it produces you get a bill credit to offset future costs (trust me this won't happen much because they design it not to).

How is this different from paying a normal company that generated all green energy? Well with SolarCity instead of paying for their own land and transportation of the power, they just get to use your roof for free. Oh and often you're going to have 2 separate electric bills. 

In my case I would actually pay more by using SolarCity. 

Do your research. I was excited at first but then I found out it was actually a terrible deal and letting them use my roof for free and still charging me more than a local utility.

I'll be investing in solar in the future, but it won't be with this gimmicky company. It is a better deal to buy your own solar system and just use and sell excess back to a traditional power company. You get the full benefits that way and can actually end up making a profit. You could optionally get a battery system as well then to keep extra power for usage at night or when surpassing the current production. Your home value increases because the system is actually yours.People that want to sell the their home with solar city installed how does that effect the new buyers of the housePlease tell me, in Russia you have a distributor or you can bring the equipment without them? Interested in a question of delivery and the price of the green equipment. And as you set only for private houses or in the multi-storey panel home too? Thank you!We just had are solar system hooked up well finished up they had to stop because of rain but I'll be happy paying 57 a month compared to the 160 we are paying now and we had solar city install are system it was a great experience all around and installation crew was good and really nice guys explained everything they were doing because I did askWe looked into this.  The cost for the electricity and the lease on the panels was lower than our electric bill.  unfortunately it does not eliminate the total cost of your electric bill.  By the time we paid the electric company and solarcity, we were saving about $40-$50 a month.  Unfortunately solarcity increases their cost to you 2.9% annually and claim the electric company increases more.  In addition, if you have a roof, it will need some type of maintenance over the next 20 years.  The cost to uninstall and reinstall the panels could wash out years of savings at that rate. I think it's a good product, but SolarCity is going to make as much money as they can.  I think if your serious about going solar, purchasing is where you will see real return on the investment.What are your dirty electricity levels like?What happens when the company decides to cut contract with you and you're left with holes in your wall and holes in your roof?
You didn't think about that did you?before Solarcity my bill 40 to 60 a month. after solarcity 110 and after a year of bills i still owe more than its worth. the rebate is for solarcity. they are exempt from class action and any way to sue. they answe bad comments with nice words to look good to potential costumersi would be impressed to see the bills comparison with solarcity and your utility company. To better understand. 
after we see comparison we might give your guy a call.im looking at it,,, see people talking about  yelp, must go there and check it out for myself,,, solar city isn't in my area of Rhode Island yet.oh, thank you for sharing this testimonials, now I am really curious about wanting to go and see solar city.. hmmseems like you are from arizona
how is your net meter working now days?
i heard arizona is one of the hell hole for solar power along with florida.

btw.. 16 kwh???? you are running mini power plant top of your house. lol@0:55 

"If the system isn't producing energy, the home owner isn't paying us for that power"

Basically they just want to get your roof space for free and charge you for whatever it generates. You never own the system, you can't profit from excess power, it doesn't add value to your home unless the new owners want to sign a contract with SolarCity (if  they decline they'll come take their panels back), and the purposefully design the system to not produce more than you use most of the time.Ask Solar City at what year with the APR in your contract do you start paying them more then the utility? or did you buy into the lie that the utility company will keep going up?Based on what the sales consultant said, this must be a PPA. Otherwise, this poor man is being ripped off with lease payments. At 1:56 you can tell from the SC proposal the system production estimated didn't account for any shade, just the loss from East / West orientation.Call me @ (610) 745 - 4431 to get this exact system installed in your home exactly like him at NO COST from Solar City. Call anytime, any day. (610) 745 - 4431 .I am waiting for my electric company to switch to new meter stay tuned. Anyone needing information or consultation go to http://share.solarcity.com/TheFranklins see information about $0 out of pocket for equipment, installation and maintenance may vary from State to State and not sure how long it will last.Looking good folks!My lease for 20 years if i sign is 70.00 per month or i can start at 54.00 with rate hikes every year....being on fixed income i need to know what im going to pay in the future and want to go green since i have the chance..i will still have to pay the electric company basic fees but hopefully with a tesla battery installed i wont use the grid for any power or very little...havent quite decided yet....Read about my experience and see my review about this company on Yelp.com.Solar city is a scam. 

It's better to buy a system on your own.They are lying in Texas at least look up solar reviews.  They make sure that they are the absolute winner in the deal and don't care if it places you in a worse financial shape. Don't fall for it, and they take responsibility for nothing.This guy lives in a forest, and they sold him solar? Just look at those crazy large trees: SHADY! I just hope they took that drop in production into account.You can lock in low, predictable energy costs that are less than you currently pay the utility company. This is your chance to save for years to come. I look forward to helping from you! 

Go to:  share.solarcity.com/mwanser1  

Free installation
 

All repairs covered at no added cost
 

24/7 system monitoring
 

Dedicated customer care

A new customer signs up with us every 2 minutes of every work week. Are you next???You pay both utilities, the Grid AND SolarCity. Generally the homeowner sees little difference.brAhh... you gota get those trees out hahhaha ...how fukn dumb can you besales should tell people about removing trees it would help confused customer when they see there system is producing as much when there shadedscrew SolarCity I had them out at my house yesterday you have to pay 115 per month, I'm thinking they just install the panels and just lower your electric bill but Not the case, paying  SolarCity that's just creating another bill for me, no thanks!sorry Solar City reviews on Youtube@vikotto what exactly are you afraid of? Your electricity rate locks in and you join the community generating renewable energyAny roof leaks?Does a Leased System affect the sell of a home?Hey that's me!I am currently dealing with a roof leak issue after Solarcity put panels on my roof.  The female Customer Relations Manager at the San Mateo, CA location does not return my calls or emails.  It's been months now and I have sent dozens of emails and left dozens of messages for this individual to speak with me.  No luck......I live in Colorado, NW of Denver, with a North/South & East/West setting. My home was built in '62. The wiring was not been "upgraded". Would the Electrical Panel have to be replace prior to the solar panels being installed? Is so, is the cost of an upgraded Electrical Panel included in the purchase or lease of the solar panels?I'm about to take the plunge with Solarcity for a 20 year contract. Gotta be honest, I'm scared to death because if this system doesn't do what they say it does, I'll never hear the end of it from the wife. How is your system doing so far?Install solar energy to reduce  oil imports to stop money for terrorismMet with solar city yesterday. Signed our first agreement with the consultant. Want to see if anyone has had any issues and or surprises after the install and I have read the after sale support is suspect.  20yrs is a big commitment hereThe sooner Solar City expands to all 50 states and around the world the better.................Climate Change is real.......Your US houses are pathetic. Sorry to say that, but this roof would not even be allowed to be built here in Germany. Please insulate your houses before installing PV systems. It's much better to not consume energy, because of bad insulation.basically X2billion  :))))))))))))))))))))even if it doesnt save you money it makes solarcity money. before solarcity my bill 40 to 60 a month. now minimum 110 a month. and try sewing. they are exempt from clas action. if after reading this you still do it i warned you.hi.  I'm also here in maryland.  I'm thinking about going with solar city....how it going for you so far?  the solar city showed me my pepco was 20cents per kwh...and offer a 20 year lock at 11 cents...what did solar city offer you?  how is your savings to far?  hope to hear from you sooni dont care about climate change WILL THIS THING SAVE ME MONEYА
BravoIf you had the choice of paying more for dirty power, or paying less for clean power, what would you do?i fine this fascinated i will be reserching this even moreChina is moving on to the future with prosperity and peace. Congratulations to all Chinese people for making The World a better place!Fantastis..Good for them, but guys please : safety boots!, no gloves? no helmet not even fall protection gear?  :/Impressive! Maybe it will inspire a developer to do something like that here.

Misleading title. No secrets were revealed, unless hard work is a secret.Now Trump is worried that China may use all the energy of the sun and nothing will remain for USA.  Or maybe he will be happy, since less sun means no global warming ;)Oooh aha - wonderful! We have been wanting to highlight some of China's great solar places as a new sort of tourist subject for quite a while now. This is awesome news. Err, but .. where is #Dezhou? For anyone who wants to know, here is a map of China; just type Dezhou in the search box! Go >> https://drive.google.com/open?id=13UN5KB0DzpCUMy-etiv6W2kP3TI&usp=sharingThis should be shown on all national news Television.  Maybe this would help people understand that solar living can be as good or better than using fossil fuels.  When the fossil fuel energy says it is not possible, maybe the average American will understand they are in sales mode, bullshit, lies and all.  The truth is, it is being done.  The oil rich kingdoms of the arab world and the chinese are making it happen today as i write this.  Wake up American, your Government and Corporations are just saying bullshit, or America will be left behind.We do not need those damn neuclear towers that are very dangerous to run our cities! Solar is one way. But free tesla energy is the best because no corporate can control it!!!What is the #1 issue we face today?  

Three roads for the movement:  

   Revolutionary politics or the Democratic Party orbit or the Solar economy?      

You get the line of the DP jammed into your ears, eyes and mouth every time you watch TV or the media.  
Yuck.  
Revolutionary politics are those activists who run around calling every other person a “racist”.   Who is more racist?  White people or Black people?  Chris Rock says,…”_____”.   

If the #1 issue we face is global warming, then the #1 solution is to build a Solar Economy today.   

We have only 9 years left to answer this question. 

Stop mastrabating in the DP or the "Rev" groups that march & call everyone "racists".
Get serious for once.

It does no good to call Trump a racist if you can’t solve global warming first.  

Global warming is the most important crisis we face.  

This must be solve before we can deal with President Trump.   

The NYT & the media is calling for an assassination of Trump.  

Just like the NYT & the media called for the assassination of JFK in 1962.  Yes they did.   Go look.  

OK, the ruling elite did hit JFK.  That solved nothing.  Most people are still totally unaware of the facts & politics of a coup.    

Most of the “Rev” is so juvenile, they are unable to even to answer the question: “What is the #1 issue we face today?”   

I just went to a meeting of ANSWER.  They say wild words, but never use the words: “Global Warming.”  
Never.

They love to march up & down Market St. every month, but they never deal with the #1 issue the real world is freaked out by.

There are 3 paths into the future:  There are 3 groups trying to lead the working class to the future.  
The Democratic Party coalition,  

the “Rev” who march & shout, 

and those building 100-panel solar carport & homes in Germany, Japan, Ontario, China, the US and the rest of the world.

The road that we in the Solar Justice movement are on,  to build 100-panel solar homes in every town, creates millions of jobs for everyone, we thing is the crucial first step before we can solve sexism, racism and ending capitalism.   

Solar generates all the energy we need to power every business, every town in the world.  

This  unites every woman & man into this solar economy, in a way that eliminates sexism, racism, etc.   

This may be the road that an independent, democratic, socialist politics can emerge as the alternative to the widely hated two-party system, 

and the equally mocked "Rev", “Revolutionary” movement that wastes their time calling everyone “racist”.    By creating jobs we can end racism.

The many crisis of every system on earth have shown the hunger for a solar economy in every town on earth.  

That thirst for clean, free, safe solar has not gone away because of the election of Trump.   It has grown stronger.   

The problem is those who talk about “The Rev” are just talk.  This second road against Trump, may seem like an exciting road, — but it is only a loop, back to frustration and not ever answering the question: “How can we create a solar economy to stop global warming.”   

The “Rev” people like to talk, but they can’t ever actually do anything.  

This “Rev” road just obscures the peoples real power to build a solar economy,  that is now shutting down all nukes in Germany & Japan, closing all coal mines, banning all gas & oil.  

If you do not take the bull by the horn, and just do it!, build a 100-panel solar home, you will just end up 20 years from now, still frustrated, still marching to your grave shouting slogans that signify nothing, 
and you will have built nothing you need to create a solar economy.   

This is not like 1969.  

This is a whole new period in history.  We dare not make that same mistake we made in 1969, again.  

If we don’t solve global warming by 2020, we will not be able to end sexism and racism, because we will all be dying in the climate crisis that will drown the whole world in CO2, floods, fires, starvation, crime & garbage.   

Germany is rapidly becoming the first solar economy in the world.  

Will the migrant crisis distract them from building their solar economy that is inspiring the whole world?   

Germany is followed closely by China. 
China will probably create a solar economy by 2030, because they have correctly ignored the migrant crisis. 

They adopted the “one child” policy in 1960 that has them on the correct path to a solar economy.  

They have a mass transit system, the Bullet Train, that allows them to adopt into the solar grid economy easily.  

 The Solar Justice Team believes it is critical that the movement be able to inspire millions to build 100-panel solar homes in every town first.   

No matter what Trump does, he cannot ignore the massive wave of solar homes being built around the world.  

No matter what the US does, the solar economy will be built worldwide by 2020.   

We cannot be stopped, no matter what Trump or the US does.   

We inevitably will conquer the world energy system with solar by 2030. 

Join this inevitable victory by the solar home builders. 

Ignore the loud mouthed “Rev” juveniles and the Democratic/ Republican party of Big Oil.When was the last time a western billionaire built a solar city?meanwhile in the good ole us of dumbfuck assholes we can't stop an oil pipeline  (DAPL) from ruining our fresh water cause the police dogs are shooting and bombing Water Protectors.  #NODAPL, HELPPA.ORGmost important thing you can do is to stay or start a vegan lifestylethat is beautiful. i would love to visit this great city.加油！！Francois hollande is the correct ansFrancoise Hollande along with PMJoin TELEGRAM group of Study IQ -
https://t.me/Studyiqeducation

Follow Dr Gaurav Garg on Facebook - https://goo.gl/xqLaQm

UPSC/IAS past papers questions - https://goo.gl/eqSWHC
UPSC/IAS Burning Issues analysis- https://goo.gl/TLm98i
Environment and Ecology for UPSC - goo.gl/NVLdMi

History for SSC CGL + Railways NTPC - https://goo.gl/7939eVPrashant Sir.. Please highlight the words or sentences which you are discussing from the page.. It would be easy for us to catch the particular sentence otherwise we have to pause the video and find the text which you are reading ... thnx.Sir what about science reporter.. I think. ow a days the ques are coming from theee also. Pls if can make video on that pls do it.. And pls reply whether yes or not?? thnkuSr plz make a vedio onParis agreement with all summitsStart a dedicated video series on economy... for grade bans c
i enjoyed the video n ur teaching skillcfrancis hollandgood morning sir, please make one video on India s  NPA problem of economy by you or Mahipal Rathore only.thank youhollandeif possible dn a make a video on 
el-nino and monsoon relationmodi and oland were togatherplzz make vdeo on Australia to join malabar exercise.sir ek video bnao jisme pura upsc ka roadmap hoga jaise ki papers time date ranking pattern syllabus etc and all..will be eagerly waitng for reply and ofcourse also for videosir pls make a video on differene between communist party gov and democratic govsir plz provide us a video on naxalism and north east insurgency the cause and solution or a discussion on wat all has been done kind of a video.thnq so much sir.will u please upload in English??@megaiver, There where few reasons I did not opt for the battery option that Solar City offered. Few reasons not to get battery now 1) If you produce less than what you consume. 2) If your utility company does not offers off peak/peak rates.  3) If you dont get reliable battery storage (Solar City still waiting for Tesla Powerwall) 4) How much power cut do you encounter in a year? etc. Hope that helps.Excellent video! Thank you. Did they install of of the electrical panels inside the house and do all of the internal wiring?Hey jjcentral, how do you like the system so far?Hiya jjcentral, do yo get to own the panels after set number of years ??? 

BTW not sure your system will be sufficient to produce all your electricity 29x250Wx365x21% = 4672KWh

I presume 21% efficiencyI do understand that you are connected to the greed and batteries are not needed ... but from your experience I like know.I'm surprised they can use such thin conductors.  Thanks for posting the video though.  Currently deciding between two companies, one offering a PPA one offering a lease.Super interesting video!!! Thank you for making this.THANK YOU for the in depth look at everything & not just bits/peaces; you show EVERYTHING!! Other people that are bitching are only showing the after math cause they were not responsible enough to be patient to be there while Solarcity, or anyone for that matter install their request. 

10:04 Love how the guy just steps right on the panels not once, but twice lol... Oops
11:10 The Solarcity being built in Buffalo that you were talking about. I can walk to that building & IT HUGE! In fact don't quote me, but I think its one of the biggest operations within S.Buffalo that will be filled with fully employed people... TY Elon Musk for putting my area back to work & being my "Idle Boss". 
12:29 how many times are they going to listen to that same song by 50 cent lmaobefore solarcity 40 to 80 a month. after solarcity 110 and not a penny goes into principal. im doomed.can you please answer one question ...
batteries ... ?
why not in your case ... 
did you ask ... 
did they offer ...

thanks in advanced!hi. what is you power purchase agreement initial cost? and what is the rate of annual increase?*PRAISE THE SUN*All new buildings should have solar and be designed for the best solar aspectAny one know where the music is from? I'm desperate to find it!China lead the world and discover new things day by day.China will generate at least 60 or more of its electricity requirements by 2030Haha Maybe you can't see the sun today in China cause of the pollution but you can still see your chop sticks!I don't know why so many people are so harsh on China,this's a news about a man and his achievement,not the country aspect.I thought you gonna show worker in solar sweatshop, expose to toxic......etc That not the usual style of BBC toward China. :)If I was president of china I would so have his project and stuff everywhere cause it could really benefit china especially its air..Just wait until China replace all its pollution heavy industry with high tech low pollution ones, you will see REALLY how much the west "care" about "cough" environment "cough", they will be so mad they lose trillions dollar of trade because China will no longer need their imported goods.These are interesting projects.This guy deserves backers.
If China won't buy, I know of large population segments in the U.S and Europe who are waiting for similar projectsThis is so cool. I love the look of the city. Also what it could really do for the world. Thanks for the share..  And please keep up the great job. ☀What's the name of the 1st song? Shazam is not helping and it's a scorcherWhere is this? Dezhou , where ???? And we need more trees!cmon BBC i need more china bashingsure if you mean stealing other people's technology through cyber warfare congratulationsthis guy‘s english is good and easy understand. Why you put a subtitle underneath make it looks like he speak another language 。and when duterte speak English I complete can't understand what he talk about But there is no subtitletoo small... check nevada solar place miles by miles...not one big building. this one is nothing....Another ASHDEN AWARAD winning innovation from CHANDIGARH is biomass fuel pellet plants and pellet stoves ( proven technologies since 2005). Contact us at www.nishantbioenergy.com or write to info@nishantbioenergy.com.Bakwas.Come on guys. You sound like American advertisements from 60s! Please make movies more authentic to your surroundings.Good Film...Conceived & written by Sanjoy Sarker MumbaiGood initiative 

Hello Viewer this work is actually done by Harjinder Singh. the whole cinematography, aerial Photography, Special Effects & complete Post Production is in the hands on Harjinder Singh. 
Carry on Harjinder Singh Good Job. Good Vision. It looks more like the list of clients of CREST, demand of energy and how and who made the vid but is very silent for a DIY enthusiast like me for how to go about it installing on my home using over-the-shelf productsMalik Ji ,keep it up, Beautiful transitionSolar O.K. good in Chandigarh but peopel SHIT where go ???? in river ????????????? in Sea ???????????? let me nowSolar projects helps to get tag of smart city, good initiative by" Entertainment plus studios" for making such a presentable filmThe film is Directed by Harjinder Singh Bajwa. He had one & Half Decade of expertise in the making of more than 100 Corporate Video for National & International Clients.The film is produced by Entertainment plus Studios Pvt. Ltd. .wwww.studioeplus.comThe whole treatment to film was nicely done. Well done Entertainment Plus Studio team.This Film is Produced By Harjinder Singh -- They give complete Technical & Financial Support.

Drone Rental: Saya Films Chandigarh
Drone Operation: Harjinder Singh
Camera Rental: Saya Films Chandigarh
Light Equipment Rental: Shiva Light Chandigarh
Voice Over: OP Rathore New Delhi
Music: Rajneesh Sharma Panchkula
Song Lyrics: Sanjoy Sarker Mumbai
Car Used: Raman Gupta 
Writer/Associate Producer: Amar Gaby
Director: Harjinder Singh



If any Query Pls. Contact Harjinder +91 9872174433This is beautiful . Now all they need to do is to modernize the appearance of rooftops and buildings and it will look picture perfect.UAE should follow the way this city has done for brighter future,  شکریہ مسٹر . ملک طرحکے حیرت انگیز فلم بنانے کے لئےkindly suggest where we can apply for subsidy on solar plantmalik bhai bahut badhia kaam kiya hai,majja aa gayathe film is excellent !!!  I am the voice of the film ... feeling proud !.  congrats to the teamvery nice transformation to new energy era.А куда домовладельцы девают избыток произведенной энергии?Будущее за возобновляемой энергией!Скоро закат эры углеводородов!)))Всё красиво. Вопрос... стоимость всех панелей с монтажём? Стоимость несколько киловатного контроллера заряда батарей? стоимость батарей? стоимость инвертора на несколько киловат??? плюсуем и делим на электричество из сети израходованое за месяц и получаем 30 лет оплаченых киловат. ну приблизительно. а панели не вечны. 15 лет и па па. а акумы дорогие 5-7 лет и.... кароче все 50 лет от сети.... ну удачи в озеленении планеты.Да тут как бы и без эстетики все хотят себе солнечные панели, вопрос доступности. Покажите реальные цифрыИлон молодец!Красиво звучит и ласкает слух... Но как насчет производства этих батарей? Сколько нужно их произвести... а вы в курсе как их производят??? мы можем вырабатывать колоссальное кол-во энергии, но где её хранить? Я не умничаю, просто рассуждаю.Крутяк !!Люди занимаются делом, а не писькомерством.Мошенник ваш Илон.
Пылью, снегом, грязью припадут ваши крыши и всё.
Небо затянет на недельку и пиздец, будешь в потьмах сидеть.
Как подспорье может использоваться, но самостоятельно - никогда (пока никогда).
и у этого всего такая цена, что позволят себе только мажоры, а мы обычные люди будем и дальше дрова палить.
Я купил батарею. Экспериментировал.
Так вот даже угол меняешь к солнцу (не под прамым) - всё!!!
 Мощность падает в разы.
Стекло было слегка в пыли - всё. Приплыли.
А когда пасмурно, то ваще голяк с нее а не энергии.Уже вся Европа в ветряках, особенно в Германии их очень много.Хорошие плиткиЧто за трэк в конце?а зимой как? когда из 3-х зимних месяцев, на протяжении 2-ч идет снег?ахаха илон в джинсах и свитореаху**ть.... пойду дров в печку подкину...и отсутствие столбов с проводами на районе...круто) как быть там,  где полярные ночь и день; можно ли пользоваться там,  где большую часть года пасмурно; пасмурно и короткий световой день зимой?подскажите название песни в конце видеосчитай за свет не платишь,Тесла заряжается,вышел на улице,сел да поехал.Вечером дома на бесплатную свою же зарядку поставил,не думаешь где бы зарядить Теслу свою,и уж не говорю про бензин,не нужно думать как и где заправитсяшикарно!!!"Sie beziehen nicht bei der Apotheke ihren Wechselrichter" roflAlso wäre es eine gute Aktienanlage auf längere Zeit?Bitte mal "Energiewende ins Nichts" von Hans-Werner Sinn angucken!Der Begriff "Energiewende" ist in Deutschland reine Blendung und soll der Bevölkerung den Ersatz von fossilen Energieträgern suggerieren  ...... es geht im Moment ja erstmal nur darum die paar Prozent Atomstrom durch erneuerbare Energien zu ersetzten. 
Das ist leicht zu schaffen weil bis ca. 50% *Jahresdurchschnitts* Anteil an grünem Strom die Unstetigkeit dessen noch durch das gesamte Netz und die restlichen Kraftwerke kompensiert werden kann. 
Deswegen stieg der Anteil dessen die letzten Jahre auf den ersten Blick erstmal stark. 
Aber um den Anteil noch weit über die 50% Marke steigern zu können, bedarf es exponentiell steigenden Speicherkapazitäten . Diese existieren nur leider noch nicht mal in den Träumen unserer Politiker !

Was aber nach wie vor die größte Blendung an dem Begriff "Energiewende" darstellt ist das selbst wenn wir es irgendwann geschafft haben sollten über 90% unseres Stromes aus regenerativen Quellen zu beziehen, wir immer noch extrem auf fossile Energieträger angewiesen sind weil der Strom Energie Bedarf nur ein Bruchteil des gesamten Energiebedarfs ausmacht ....

Die weit größeren Energie Mengen werden benötigt für Gebäudeheizung, Warmwassererzeugung, Prozesswärme, Verkehr usw .... diese enormen Energiemengen werden auch heute noch zu 90% aus fossilen Energieträgern gedeckt und das werden sie auch noch zu über 80% wenn die offizielle "Energiewende" geschafft werden sollte und wir 100% grünen Strom haben.Ein ganz wichtiger Punkt den Solarcity und auch andere Firmen voran bringen werden ist der Austausch von Teilen der Fassade und Dachhaut gegen PV Module. 
1kWp PV bedeckt gute 6qm Fläche und kostet dabei 600€, etwa 100€ pro qm. Dachziegeln liegen bei etwa 35€ pro qm, diese kosten lassen sich einsparen. Auch eine Alu Unterkonstruktion fällt weg, eine Klinkerfassade kostet 50€ den qm.
Somit rechnet sich die Investition weit aus früher.Elon Musk hat im Februar bei ca. 17.50 $ nochmal fuer 10 Mio. USD privat Aktien nachgekauft. Ich sehe den Wert daher immer noch als BUY und langfristig als HOLD.Hallo Herr Lüning, in Ihren Videos berufen Sie sich häufig darauf, wie der Mensch in der Steinzeit gelebt hat, um verschiedenste Sachverhalte zur zB gesunden Lebensweise zu erklären. Das interessiert mich. Wo erhalte ich darüber mehr Informationen? Können Sie Bücher dazu empfehlen? Gerne auch auf Englisch..
MfGHallo Herr Lüning, wollte mich an dieser Stelle allgemein für Ihre tollen Beiträge bedanken ! Ich verfolge Ihre Beiträge zwar erst seit gut 2 Monaten, bin aber seit dem regelmäßig dabei. Kam bei meiner Suche im Netz unter dem Begriff "Tesla" einfach nicht an Ihnen vorbei :-D. Ich habe auch Photovoltaik auf dem dach und möchte mein zukünftiges M3 dort mit eigen produzierten Strom aufladen. Das ist die Zukunft meines erachtens. Toll, Klasse, weiter so !!!!Ich kann mir nicht vorstellen jemals einen Ratenvertrag von 20 Jahren einzugehen.
Das ist 1/4 des LebensIst es theoretisch möglich bei einem Haus das ganze “Dach” aus Fotovoltaik Platten zu bauen? Mir ist schon klar das sich das kaum rentieren würde aber wie würde es mit der Beständigkeit gegen Regen/Schnee/Hagel aussehen oder vom Gewicht her? Man würde quasi nur Dämmung und dann direkt die platten monieren und die Ziegel sparen. Vielleicht kennt sich hier jemand aus. DankeMomentan hat Solarcity massive Probleme: Die US-Länder wollen einfach keine Subventionen zahlen wollen (wie bei uns). Auch die Energieunternehmen müssen den Solarstrom nicht zum festpreis abnehmen.  Der Kurs ist um die hälfte gefallen...Sehr geehrter Herr Dr. Lüning

bzgl. des Vergleichs zwischen dem Wirkungsgrad von Photovoltaik-Anlagen und der pflanzlichen Photosynthese muss man dazu sagen dass es nicht "den" Wirkungsgrad bei der pflanzlichen-Photosynthese gibt. Allein der Unterschied zwischen C3-, C4- und CAM-Pflanzen ist immens. Ein Kommilitone hatte sich in seiner Masterarbeit mit dem Wirkungsgraden von Pflanzen auseinander gesetzt. Dabei hat er CAM-Pflanzen untersucht die einen Wirkungsgrad von über 60% aufwiesen, was ein Traumwert für damalige Photovoltaik darstellte (Stand 2014 - 2015).

PS was die Evolution in Millarden von Jahren geschaffen hat wird der Mensch nicht in ein paar Jahrzehnten übertreffen.Solarcity baut jetzt auch Solar-Dachziegel, die stabiler sind und weniger kosten als neue Dachziegel und eine PV-Anlage. Und sie sehen gut ausUnd wo kommen die seltenen Rohstoffe für die Solarnanlagen her?
Unter welchen Bedinungen werden sie gefördert und werden die Arbeiter alle gerecht entlohnt? Wird die Landschaft geschont und wird auf die Gesundheit der Arbeiter und dem Arbeitsschutz geachtet?
Nur wenn es da fair zugeht, kann man wirklich von sauberer Energie spechernWarum muss man denn die Photovoltaikanlage in Raten abzahlen? Kann man nicht einfach auf einen Schlag 10'000 Euro bezahlen und so hat man dann keinen Zinsaufwand?Was halten Sie eigentlich von Sonnenwärmekraftwerken?Was machen die Investoren aus DUBAI ,die kräftig am Öl verdienen, wenn kein Öl mehr gebummt werden kann? Tja, dann wird halt Strom verkauft.sehr interessant! was halten sie eigentlich von Feuerwerk? an Silvester selber zünden, nur zusehen oder ohrenstöpsel?tja faktor mensch is mal wieder  winner der frage wer hats verkackt :Dunfassbar! Mit eine der dümmsten politischen Einflussnahmen.....
Und der Beweis, dass "die EU" nichts anderes als der Schuhputzladen deutscher Politiker ist.
Alle EU Staaten leiden darunter, weil die Deutschen ihre Ideologie durchdrücken, und natürlich gleich auf EU Ebene sodass man weiter deutschstolz im TV auftreten kann, und die Übermacht Deutschlands zur Schau stellen kann!I ♡ TeslaI'm all for self-sufficiency.  But to completely replace their oil?  One barrel of oil contains more energy (5.8 billion joules) than all of their 1.4 megawatts from solar panels.  They were previously getting 100,000 barrels of oil.  I will wait and see how this works out.Nice if it works great will you please get marketing and producing for all.The interviewer had no respect for the drive and ambition of Elon Musk. Stop reading a series of question too!Think of all the shipping crew that used to have high paying jobs bringing in the diesel. They are now out of work.When this is apart of  American Samoa  ?pretty weak questions though.what a tremendously kind act!!Hopefully Chinese are not going to make like this ... they always copy and do exactly the same technologyI think it's unfortunate that these big announcement presentations are not what they could be. They need to practice more, it would help his nervousness.Lets see the $$ ..is it going to be affordableWhat I would like to know is 1, how will it survive during a hail storm? 2, how will I get power with snow on my roof.to Sergey Belozerov
"Солнечная панель за все время своей работы (а они деградируют со временем) вырабатывает энергии МЕНЬШЕ ЧЕМ ЗАТРАЧЕНО НА ЕЁ ПРОИЗВОДСТВО. Точка."
А здесь подробнее можно, чет я не натыкался на подобную информацию.
С батарейками не путаете? =)Бездоказательная болтовня. Дизлайк.используем солнечные панели согласны с видео - люди из отряда нефтяных магнатов сотовых операторов и т.д. пишут о деградации - деградирует их отрасль неизбежно.лучшее видео, кому не нравится идите на другие каналы.тупо реклама SolarCity - ничего общего с мифами о солнечной энергии.Elon makes life exciting! 
I'm thankful to be here during Musk master plan development and implementation. 
It's such a rare thing to see a person devote themselves to coming up with real solutions to the biggest problems and then doing it.
Thank you Elon and team for all your hard work :)Musk 2016......Very informative. Definitely citing you guys for my group's research project :)oh I'd say he has the sheiks n car conglomerates shaking in theory boots, Go Musk !!!!tesla is the 21st century ford...and Elon's not a douchebag. He's done more with a finite amount of funds to eliminate use of fossil fuels than any one man has ever done. Also, just for purposes of accuracy, he didn't own SolarCity at the time you made this video. Two of his cousins did. His company Tesla motors just bought SolarCity though. The deal's sealed. He also has a remarkable company that you may have heard of called SpaceX, where they're making space travel more economically feasible than ever. Prior to SpaceX, billions of dollars in government funding (also known as tax dollars) flowed only to NASA, who did little to make space travel cost effective.
Did I miss a fucking meeting? How, exactly, is he a douche?@Brutally Honest I can't speak for solar city or the company that AnrikuZer0 Reacts works for. Sounds like you have some of the information correct. Solar City is developing a tesla fire wall that will allow power to be stored so eventually you will have a battery option. As far as using the power later. I think what they mean is that, if you are producing power lets say while you are at work. That power is creating a credit for you through the utility. At the end of the month they will compare the production that you generated with what you used and the rates will very depending on when they were used/generated. The goal of solar is that at the end of the year when your true up bill comes, you will not owe anything or it will be minimal. You will be paying for your solar, either a lease or ppa or cash purchase. But that rate is supposed to be lower then what you normally pay for power from let say PGE. Most companies provide warranties for your roof. Normally at the end of the lease the company will provide you the option to buy the solar at a discounted rate or they will remove. If you bargain with them you can get it really cheap even free. There is nothing they can do with that equipment at the end of the lease, it is old and outdated. You have probably figured this out by now, but thought i'd offer some information and not be such an ass like the others on here. So yes, it sounds like you were interested enough to watch some videos about solar, maybe talking to a rep would answer some of your concerns.Any unused power generated by the panels is sent back to the grid, accounted for and you are credited for the extra power by your local power company. At night (when there's no sun and you can't generate power) you use the credits you accumulated earlier when you sent that excess power to the grid. Make sense?
If you're a doing a PPA or lease (which means you only pay for power, but at a better rate than your local utility) and you need to take the system off to do roof work, companies like SolarCity and SunRun have their peeps come out and take it off so that you can perform said work, and after completion they put it back on for you. This costs $500. Done.
Solar installer with 3+ years experience.First off. You really are a moron. With that being said, Elon musk is a visionary as opposed to your backwoods country ass. 

Secondly, 
Both solar city and sunrun have been around longer than 25 years. Which makes them in business longer than their warranties. 

Third, both companies have a 15 year roof penetration warranty. 

Fourth, 
The value of your home is worth more after installing solar and there is a ton of proof that shows this. 

Fifth, why wouldn't you want solar! You want to take the solar system off your roof and terminate your contract and go back to paying more to the utility. Sounds smart...

Sixth, people who don't want solar on a house simply don't buy a home with solar. It's like a pool. People looking for a house with a pool will be looking for houses with a pool. 

Lastly, 
How long is your contract with your local utility department? Locking into cheaper electricity for 20 years is a much better way to provide power than sticking with the utility companies outrageous price increases. 

Ps: 
There's a single line of conduit from the solar panel to your homes electric panel. 

"Peace"I have Sunrun and for one year I've saved over approx. $5,000 in electricity, I'm being conservative because I'd have to get out my prior bills and compare for the exact  $amount.  I'm in california and dwp are the crooks. Plus, sunrun put in a new electrical panel at no cost to me.  I have a 20 year lease which is transferable if I sell my home. As the dwp keeps increasing the cost every year, having panels has been one of the smartest things I've done as a homeowner. Now we need to figure out how we can stop being gauche for water.I have put up enough power in the last month with my crew to power 8 neighborhoods off of nothing but sunshine, no pollution, no death, no animals going extinct,   and all you can think about is a screw in your wall? People man wtfI'd love to know why Elon musk is a douche. Also, how is saving people money on energy bad? You really need to educate yourself. Standard cost power will continue to go up. Solar is a locked in rate for yearsJust a couple of things. Your arrogant. What you poorly described, is called "net metering" the power your panels over produce goes back into the grid, and your meter literally runs backwards. No joke. If you weren't to lazy, you could walk outside and watch your meter run backwards. 

Next thing, the fee to take off the panels is 500 dollars you want to "add a second floor" haha great, do it. No contract is terminated. 

Final thing, its in the contract that any damage caused by solar city will be repaired, replaced, or paid for by them. So will they fix your roof? duh...

bottom line, youtube videos don't tell you what the energy consultant and contract can. Save your planet, save money, go solar. 

nuff said.Mr Honest.... Is your IQ 160? Cause you're a F'n genius! Why do you think they want to do Solar Roofs now?Nothing in this world is perfect but cmon man at least talk to a knowledgeable consultant first before leaving a bad reviewPeople choose solar willingly and are doing so at a rate that is growing faster than any other industry in america.There is a battery...This guy watch a couple of youtube videos.  He is now an expert so please don't question his knowledge...This was my first impression, but Solar City at least now offers financing plus a battery. I'm only considering it because I want back-up power (which only works for 8 circuits though) and I want to eventually own it. That makes all the difference for me, but I am still weighing the cost because the cost of this alone will actually cost me more than my highest electric bill, since my area has low rates. I'm guestimating it will cost me up to $60-80 more a month than I pay now just on the grid. So this might not really payoff until I outright own the system, in 10-20 years, but then I'll have to worry about maintenance, etc... I'm just not sure if that's more risky than inevitable rising energy costs. If the rates in my area where 14-15+ cents a kWh, this would be a no brainer because I'd actually save money. With energy costs as low as they are in some areas right now, they may have to lower their costs to make it worthwhile to more people.Within a minute and a half I was able to realize you arent at all educated about solar but are making a video trying to educate others on solar. You need to learn about how "net metering" PPA and Lease transferring work. I am assuming you either have not had a consultation or had a rep who did not properly educate you.You also failed to mention that solar is on the cusp of a revolution. Very, very soon it will cost a lot less and produce a lot more energy. The panels will be printed, light weight, etc. . . and Elon Musk will be rich, but you'll be stuck with an outdated system for
15 years which they will charge you to remove, or to upgrade. Not a scam, but wait. Check out Yelp; a lot more negative than positives right now on Solar City.You really don't know what you're talking about. You're the type of person who will outright say not interested instead of gaining the information necessary to make the best decision going forward. Best yet, it's free to gain that information. Have a nice ignorant life dude.hesto hes el futuro me encantaive installed solar for a year now and im telling you i dont fuck peoples houses up buddyyou're the deuchebag!!!Elon said he wants his future car to come with a solar power roof, fully a.i. driven; no human assistance needed to get to where you are going. and I forgot the 3rd thing he mentioned.Make a giant solar city and make everybody drive tesla electric cars.Thanks to the late Ronald Reagan, who can actually afford it ... even now. Would love to be able to install solar singlesThis is the future.  Electric car, solar and battery storage.   Damn they're doing it rightUmm, I think presently Solar City has about 300k customers, a ways away from their one million customer goal.  But now that Tesla has acquired Solar City, the accounting may be not as transparent as before.  But generally speaking, in a few years more cars will be sold per year than solar rooftops installed.  Home charging, without benefit of solar, will dominate.What they should do is stop installing solar rooftops and begin shipping their solar tiles to Home Depot, for local solar rooftop installers to use - assuming they are better than the Dow Chemical ones which failed to sell.And then the Trump jab at the end. Does anyone take this guy seriously?I think that from a strategic perspective, the merge does a lot of sense.It is really between ignorant and stupid you have to be if you don't see the power and potential of Tesla including Solar City. And if you lack the vision you should at least be  as polite as to shut up.SolarCity is a Solar panel leasing company. Their returns are projected over the life of a solar panel. No one else seems to realise this other than Tesla. In fact if they did nothing with SolarCity Tesla would still make a mint, then adding the value of the infrastructure they've put in place to install panels they already have the work force to install Teslas new Solar roof not to mention the batteries that maximise efficiency. I'm no expert but it seems pretty obvious. Am I missing something?Theres a pattern to recognize when Tesla will be successful at ANYTHING...

its when people like this criticize, complain or project that Tesla doesnt know what its doing, is losing money or is a bad company.....lol.

They are just going to play tug of war all the way through I guess.These people probably have never been involved in making an actual product. First, every new technology is expensive, and unpredictable, that's one big reason why Tesla had so many delays earlier. Second, there is two basic approach to developing a product, you either write a list of features that you want, and do them no matter how long it takes or how much it costs, or you set a shipping date and a price point, and cut any feature that isn't going to be ready or is too expensive. The first approach only really works when you have little competition, and you are selling something new, awesome and expensive. Otherwise you have to deliver on time and on budget, or you lose market share to the competition.
The Roadster and the Model S and X were made using the first strategy, but with the Model 3 Tesla goes mainstream, so they are switching to the second strategy, as Elon Musk said himself. And by now the technology is mature, and they gained a ton of experience in mass production, so there should be much less unexpected issues that cause delays. I didn't find any promise of Model 3 delivery before late 2017, and so far they are on schedule. The only question is how fast can they ramp up production. Again, the Model 3 is a different product then the Model S and X were, this time low cost and high volume is the priority, as I said they have learned a lot from the issues with the earlier models, and they have a lot more cash to burn through. So basing predictions on earlier models is foolish.

As for how SolarCity fist into Tesla, it's very simple. Tesla cars are using electricity, and solar panels make electricity. But an even better reason is batteries. Solar panels need cheap but high capacity energy storage to be practical, and that's the Tesla Powerwall. It makes sense to sell them in one package, and that's much easier if the same company makes them. Vertical integration is how Tesla and SpaceX can reduce cost, and innovate so fast. Merging with SolarCity is just the latest example of that.Time to BUY!bloomberg = fake news be specific dont just say analyst, state who specifically otherwise its just your opinion.  solar city fits perfectly in to tesla anyone with half a brain would realize thisdoes she not even know about space-x and it's recent accomplishments?!! does she not know who Elon Musk is!!? I used to like listening to Bloomberg.... but now.... I'll never again...how can these people be so silly.it really is such an obvious move.who the he'll cares about analysts. they very rarely have a clue about anything.Great views, getting mine done today!That buzzing noise was annoying, although the view was superb. You should have added EDM.There must not be any fire fighter access paths required where every this is. This would definitely not fly in Southern Californiawhat's the system total:38  dude! turn the gas off...want. more.  ladies.  off a. more.  couress.  in. the. schools. & calagesHave your complaint been satisfied?Pretty much what everyone before me has said. Sounds like you just need more information. I'll just also add that a lien against your house doesnt mean they can take your house. It means that you cannot sell your house without them getting first bite of the profits from that sale to cover the loan amount. So if you have a $200k home and want to sell it, you have to have enough equity in it to cover the $20k loan amount...or whatever you still owe on the loan. So dont panic on that front. I had windows installed on my house a few years ago, and the installers took a lien out against my house until I made the final contract payment. Its not an uncommon practice for high price ticket items installed on your home.Thanks for sharing. I just spoke to a rep today and discovered within an hour that he'd lied (exaggerated) about the  tax credit, which definitely gave me pause. He did at least admit that the rebate from the energy delivery company that he kept mentioining wasn't guaranteed, but there was no mention of any price increase after 17 months (or any length of time). I thought it was a fixed rate. I will clarify that, but I'm leaning toward passing on this altogether. It is a really great idea, to go green and potentially off grid, but not if if means getting ripped off. 

He did tell me I could cancel up until right before installation penalty free, but that is also lie. While there are penalty-free opt out option letters that have to be mailed within 3 and 10 business days, after that it's $250. The dishonesty really bothers me. I don't want to be tied to a company like that for 10-20 years.That's how tax credits work.  You can't get money back, from the government, that you didn't pay in!  That's the normal order of how tax credits work.  Sorry, you feel the way you do, though.The payment assumes you will take your tax credit and invest it into the loan in 17 months after tax season comes. no one lied you didn't do your homework. My person gave me ALL the numbers and explained everything. The one credit I will give you is they don't necessarily warn you about the tax refund but that being said you have to be smart enough to ask your tax person or do some research to see if your itemizations etc will get you that full credit. Liens don't take your house. Stop spreading ignorance. Good luck with a lawsuit. There is no "reduction in carbon footprint". Solar panels aren't made of pressed chicken egg shells or twigs and berries. They're made of metal and plastic and produced using all the same processes "dirty" energy requires.This is ridiculous, maybe the solar guy didn't explain it well but I went solar with SolarCity and it was the best investment I did for my house. Why do people have to overreact and get suehappy. Settle downtax credit goes to solarcity not to you. they tell you anything to get your sinature. my bill was 60 to 80 a month now its 110 minimum and they are exempt from court law suitscompared to what should not be sacrificed to solar arrays better than bird blenders i m about to open a solar cell silicon factory with my father s friend his m from the info at has never been heard here in the you try to make solar power look amazing it t it s simply about using daylight solar may may not be a reasonable energy of the it t amazing to it when it comes to the wow fossils nuclear have the their side fossils taken out of the ground they re taken from deep deep down it s the to flying high when you take a flight you re not only flying high you so by using a that s been taken from deep down in the earth about deep how high you fly even deeper nuclear is the of space travel space travel is about flying through the big universe nuclear is about using the smallest thing we know of atom microchips a technology of making things very small the nucleus is even smaller in chemistry elements stay the same the chemist can t transform one element into another in the of nuclear power elements transformed into other elements those energy with the next best wow water water when you build big dams control even bigger body of water with them where you take something from deep out of the earth now that many of you got very enthusiastic about solar think about this you have to invest today you have a choice between you going to need this money to send kids to school in years you t have to answer this because we all knew what it will be is not a problem storage is oil is not a fossil storage is still a huge the cost of solar panels per has decrease the cost associated with the storage has not power lines not cheap you cannot them free of many solar power producers have affordable storage is still many years off the truth it s crap this video omits to the huge solar creates a result of its tendency to undergo common surges slumps in output these common surges slumps essentially mean that the entire system cost of electricity goes up solar power accounts a larger of generation this cost of solar power is currently hidden because i mentioned it is by the power which almost always fossil that act solar generators back up power what makes the most sense is approaching energy without bias too many people pushing solar ideologically biased against other energy like oil coal solar has indeed will likely someday be the of power i am all it however that day has not yet arrived we still very much need oil coal nuclear when we ridiculously overkill regulations these that needlessly drive up the cost to consumers people getting hurt example here in the united states the law of diminishing returns means that a time ago we reached the where additional regulations caused significant increases in cost insignificant decreases in the result over the last years has been a increase in the cost of electricity perhaps improvement in quality we need a balanced approach not a jihad against of power we very much still need wow i am from the fact about energy dropping to is so wrong actually energy cost in has been rising substantially in the last years today the energy is a private not even the cost in one month is about even more so we have solar energy we t even see it you produce very good quality videos buy this sadly you barking up the wrong tree i you to take in depth look a molten salt reactors look up i believe he will go down in the annals of history the stepfather of nuclear power he s the driving toward this power your solar power s price will soon coal s t that presume subsidies solar well regulations coal music the roadways well done video i off grid solar here in we have abundant sun wind to work with the problem there is also a of oil natural gas in this state being a bleeding red conservative state renewable energy gets pushed aside by the state government using electricity makes them money so they squash it here pathetic authorities this subject seem to strongly suggest using a deep battery not a battery these deep designed to be slowly drained charged up designed to give a huge amount of power at one time not meant be drained down very much taken down too you can kill the battery it may not recharged awesome video thank you good video like subscribe look my video too like from the garbage to make solar friend i m from you interested in solar my number is email official website is nice video thanks i have a you connect the solar panel to the controller the load ti the controller too a sunny day should your load get power there what you feel i learn a just by reading all of your comments answers in this video i thank you that great it s been rainy gloomy a few days i m running low power can i run a gasoline generator hook up a v battery charging that s plugged into the generator wire it directly onto the will the controller read the charging levels from the battery it would with the solar panels will it be risky can can i simply remove the negative from the controller cables then hook the negative from the battery charging onto the also will the battery even be sufficient enough to supply enough juice the battery to be charged is it just a waste of time equivalent of just using the supplied outlet the generator itself thank you good can you a video a with a battery what battery panel to buy a thanks with price in each helps a to understand how much it really cost this video inspired it was encouraged to out my x with a w mount panel the same a controller you had a a deep battery to run my fridge all manner of v goodies thank you buddy it all works flawlessly want a career in the solar field out the online how to get a in the solar field wave in electricity because some to buy dc wave that the price expensive more than awesome very well done just people the potential off the grid i solar panels this well how great video how will the fridge work with a fully loaded battery thank is awesome video thank you sharing your great sharing this what kind of battery can i how can i the capacity when i buy one just thought i d give you a little geography lesson you look at a map of north there s a country north of the called it s about the size of the entire of i heard you almost every speaking country save so i you re at geography is also a g country it read hi i m a small solar system i have a few i have amp panels a amp controller i want to wire my panels in series because they over feet away can i amps into my am busy investing in acquiring a solar system find your videos very easy to understand thank you i will be following all your solar related tutorials i loved the video great i give free solar quotes all around surrounding states we even have programs with money out of pocket take advantage com free give away with in see you qualify homeowners only at the god bless warmest rocky rocky details in several states in the they you using solar power there is more credits you a fee to add solar panels they say they were loosing too much money nice movie however you can learn about it more just m um off grid em pa s o thank you so much i have subscribed very helpful this lady the explanation is so satisfying really educational video i m getting ready to build a tiny which i ll run around it will be completely off the grid with wood stove heating a solar system electric power i just did a video my channel showing what my solar panels can it out know what you think can i grid system without having to donate energy to my government in my country there nobody solar energy there is government my energy foes back to the grid hi what happens there is a grid failure in of grid tie you protect your solar power system from lightening other electrical just starting out looking into this system thank you a good start most people can t afford all that equipment i am moving to a i want to live off grid can t afford all the equipment i can afford solar panels system how would someone live off the grid a sir i from thank you your ultimate video solar i need one more video which is exactly based solar grid with complete wiring so that i can understand well smarter ancient electricity device find out how you can build a cost free energy generator com posts m you it is very beneficial the real is will it blend can you power supply device with solar panels is this just crazy idea good explanation i just have a of what solar panel would be good hooked up to two to power up a small v a of hours thanks hi could a wind be fitted to the controller many thanks hi i have a gs w solar panel a v battery both brand new can i it up the same way this video hi great video i get how it works how you actually connect such a plug to the system i using a system like this to run the a of hours a day usually at night how i actually physically connect the system to a plug hope u can help thanks much panels you need your whole house how would you get the power from the into the whole house with a larger system i have the same system stowed away my is the grid i have them of a term outage all electronics including the stored in a nested i see your controller only has panels output whereas others have a rd output the load is there any difference in getting a controller which has a load output connecting there a controller with load output just the battery output connecting the at the battery i m just wondering how much does all of this cost i m considering installing one in my house just my old t v what is the cheapest i could spend with this how much would that be thanks positively explanation the subject good thank you this i am chasing this now thanks thanks great info i have a w folding panel with what i thought was a controller inbuilt the back so i attached this to the battery which is now screaming its lungs out at with a red light could that be because i left the attached to the battery i need to add a controller battery is deep w cheers thanks again the info nice clear easy to understand a dumbo like is awesome video i have a few well i would really appreciate it you could assist i have a cabin in my forest property we wanted to power it with a solar panel two we have access to panels that at amps we to only run a a decent amount of led string lights a stereo a heater in the cabin not all at should i one two of the amp solar panels i m thinking one i just want to be would i be able to a what you suggest i m assuming i should a controller should i three thank you in advance great video my is how you know what gauge wires to select the setup how you calculate this to get the right ones how much power it provided great video i am powering a with a battery hooked up a solar panel directly to the battery to keep it charged while in will i run into any problems how can i calculate the size of the panel i would need thank you great help hi so the example t need any battery thanks hi i get the idea how you actually connect such a to the system i e how you physically connect the plug i using a system like this to run a a of hours a night i get i would need to the battery which a problem then how i connect the charged battery have a i connect a w solar panel through the control to the battery it would just the battery problem nothing else needed battery is v thanks in advance would be a huge help i would suggest to clear the grid tied system a little better you may keep the previous connection add to the battery you may your demo why did not you that what the cords names so i can get them what i wanted to a v dc device without storing energy can i just plug it directly to the solar panel what s the specifications of our a system like this be used around the clock i e pump filter there risks burning out the thus must more be used in order to increase the amount of storage available can you connect both systems to power it great video loved how can i curl my hair with solar how a w solar panel can a battery was wondering i could connect the to solar controller in the load is it a bad idea my is to be able to connect my laptop my solar install did it myself com watch v t thank you year video helped a answered all of my pretty much thank you educational very easy i clicked the like button will this work this is why we need to invest in scientific research to make solar panels wind towers more the amount of solar energy reaching our planet is enormous it s not dilute we just only less than of it we advance our technology to be more at gathering it it will be enough to sustain in a meantime some have pointed out nuclear energy is a very good not nuclear which produces a of toxic waste products nuclear the same process that occurs in the like our sun which is much cleaner more at producing energy again to make this work we need to invest in scientific research to make it to create necessary nuclear reactions we in fact already very to achieving that now i could be wrong about this perhaps someone could i am i am pretty it s to energy in electrical form in capacitors we just need to be able to make them work a scale you being paid by the fossil industry you regurgitating their misinformation free it s the that s pretty dumb a so called university can we rely wind solar the oil companies that told to tell you because it would be bad their businesses to simply share scientific facts commenting this video likes to pretend they the preeminent energy whether it be fossil it i think we can all agree that you re all dumb pompous who desperate need of a everyone screaming nuclear in the comments i t think that s what u wanted next they ll release a video to why nuclear sucks come guys fossil t that bad it s only causing climate kills energy independence by making dependent oil is a limited resource that ll dry up in the next years will get more expensive the we it read resource economics cost tax payers in government subsidies to clean up methane leaks oil spills health problems anyone that lives near power keeps you connected to a grid a partridge in a pear tree i cringed when he asked how you electricity i dunno maybe i thought that the people produce so much energy by solar panels at homes that the excess energy goes to power it just does this guy look like he s being held at gun molten metal battery problem solved we t need fancy big we need small we can rely nuclear nuclear cheap nuclear you kidding right you mean the nuclear so called industry that cannot exist without tax handouts to even stay in so called you mean the low cost of supplying the potentially trillions it takes just to clean up the from them in the first you mean like cheap such idiocy someone who has been in the solar wind movement over years i can state with all certainly that there in market either strip away the artificial demand created by more tax handouts both would die overnight how about the fact that i now have over kw s of brand new solar panels just stacked up along with i cannot even give them away panels that sold with the handouts up to just a few years ago now being given away low that s less than it cost to them how will that go all you moron s that scream they want to get rid of all fossil go wind solar i hope you like those mud roads while you scurry around later day hunters gatherers looking food what i mean all paved roads the waste product of crude oil refining to create the tar in roads a waste product that is priced accordingly in other words to free so the you will never find a replacement so what you about the of fossil energy contained in every of food you eat substitute some solar electrons those complex hydrocarbons good luck so keep whistling past the graveyard folks you will never crude oil the only that created of all that we now call modern life with wind solar unicorn shit even poisoned gamma rays from overpriced deadly steam boilers time to take the blue pill i one thing the video did not explain gas coal oil boilers take to hours to heat up grid operations that is to say you can not shut them down even the wind is blowing solar because the grid would not supply demand so utility companies would be spending money our money expensive waste of time the boilers will be cooking away all the time not saving anything build more boilers spend lines the answer ago government knowledge of the electric universe to keep dependent the status electric universe can provide unlimited energy want to keep you the yoke meter the of is having stellar results with wind solar i m kidding go oil this guy is a f tool this guy looks sketchy i m not trusting him forgot there is also water flows in the ocean that will keep delivering energy over over again problems to you say to i say we would accept to invest a of more now it would bring our to a better in just years they t want it it s all about money nothing more less only problem with the that wind power can wind energy over time that can develop this wish i could solar panels my house screw coal oil it is just awesome stupidity of is killing especially they have rub these two alone squared space that is sand t take space please rub alone could power the entire that when you live of we could make with this this is what musk is trying to we can build it why we politic they want to pay com posts it all boils down to politics money all desire this we will improve apply its so hot here is always c so i think its good to build one i had money solar panels make more energy during cloudy winter days than even summer because when it snows it reflects more shiny a prove snowboarder any other in winter wears sun glasses ed please more researches before informing something this help is a really the solar energy here i leave to go very informational good thank the big desert in i have solar project too it s sad to be in country like this we t solar power at all feels bad times because the solar panel is taking in energy third energy which is not solar is geothermal is life is love is the squared of more energy very cheap to produce can you guys a video carbon sequestration in forests please good making this helped a in my research project geography thank get tired of hearing about we can t get all our power from xxx so what we won t it anyway so why whine about it like with investments evens returns reduces variability example wind provides power at different times than solar thus using both produces more levels of power than either alone also we t anywhere near much power at night we during the day solar is thus ideal matching that pattern yes other energy may be needed at nigh see the about finally s get off this paradigm about producing power when we need it instead think how to power when it s produced instead of storing generic power at the grid level what of power can be time shifted at the end of the line is one when excess power is generated it to freeze water to relieve the when there is insufficient power generated battery electric vehicles another notify customers to their other devices at times of over especially with the battery it s storage that exists regardless thus t add cost so why not it to also the grid i know a solar to energy converter t burning any insects instead i enjoyed inscribing all of swearwords every wood i could get a good focus i m sorry this is a great thank god you stopped in later movie please saying nonsense because you t know the difference between power energy hours need to offer up a saying that the the largest power in the produce t true even accounting how outdated this video is in to things like the advent of combined gas which up to is considered small the average nuclear power in the has been putting out the last decade more a nuclear is little the largest ones putting out not counting the staggeringly big in that generates i know makes convenient when this video was made it t accurate about nuclear power these days its not accurate about gas either this might have been commented already that s the i m sorry your body would absorb the incoming energy from the sun it would be of energy you said you mean s while the sun is shining you you mean a year which is nothing guessing it s j s aka which is a i would like some great to see the energy that will fix our economic energy environmental problems truth contest read the green energy then read the present to see the truth about life death in the st you completely lost the economics of solar with battery subsidy x times cost of grid tie from the utility in most areas that is not calculating battery replacement costs in years you good at battery grid tied subsidy real payback is years you know how to add up the panel battery depreciation is a cost not a benefit you need x the storage because you cannot lead acid more than without burning through them in a few years is better so x the of that will require more panels to them lithium is better they cost more per amp hour require a battery each cell now the diurnal of the sun caused by that thing called the of the earth well we get about hours of sun per day in the winter useful so multiply by the winter in terms of panels to get you through we re not done yet now you need x to x your needs to cover cloudy days you live somewhere like the costs go now you attach too much of this to the grid the grid becomes unstable you want to it with solar farms you have to have spinning reserves of natural gas you want to go pumped storage same problem economics of pumped storage worse than spinning reserve ever hear of evaporation concentrated does not work either the mirror system you displayed has to have natural gas to work cooks birds that fly over t even get started greenhouse gases from of the panels chemicals x more greenhouse reactive to carbon dioxide good thing they per so they only add up to the carbon dioxide equivalent of making the panel bad thing have you ever tried to vacuum per they not absorbed by like carbon dioxide go to solar panel talk get a of reality from sun king he solar by the way i am a big solar advocate anyone who wants panels their house installed free know matt field energy specialist can you please make this kid appropriate also so that kids that in can understand it you already have please make it more easy to understand is there any kind of way to carbon dioxide in the atmosphere to power our world update what did you s z n g rd n z g b g n n b r b r l g rd m u b g s t n bi z rs n z z m n var online e e f g you can see they have almost zero torque so of their power goes to make them turn they cannot power anything except themselves either effectively actually i you might get them to some very minor work this should have been mentioned in the video well the how they work instead of having to read about it in the well done i appreciate too the explanation how it does what it does how can i you hello sir wonderful work would you mirrors reflect more these solar panels know how much the increased rpm hi i was wondering can you please make a single operating with bunch of small ones i would love to see what happens you prove my theory right i want to work something big i have a how you can make this more by a solar roof electric motor the difference should be about these with solar panel i mean what material should we we want making this solar motor per i e i come i o free energy in the title is a click you re gonna attract a few with that well created can you try to load things it push to light up a light interesting your video is very helpful its great that i found this its i think solar more a so is the magnet under the so my is how to that electricity that is being generated everyday so the real is can it turn a generator make power useless wont work with a load just at the tower carry this is how you become bin can cut their carbon emissions by by simply switching electricity providers more people need to their fingers out start doing something people can save pay around the same price electricity reduce carbon emissions by here s a good step by step how to get a quote with energy org energy what they how i them awesome viva he said wow this looks like a power yeah genius it is a power ugh was going through this post com energy how power is generated it out you want to know how power is generated in northern climes such power would work not efficiently nuclear power is the our very own packaged sun it s the advanced warfare gran ya lo m n a m s all y n a t a con n com con t rep inventor y y com y hf email salt so cool even using solar panels they can fast amazing is this world c the world s quickest solar at c the narrator was poorly chosen his is confusing very difficult to understand a well spoken narrator without such a deep would increase quality by i am very interested in this technology i could scarcely understand the u sound like frank is the cost per what says to this facility geothermal power earth is a sun water steam power we drill hole oil drill get steam fastest way to be rich is by being a s their output electric power they never that their output to a nuclear power this engineer is the one who half month time china other neighbours to power team responsible their accomplishment of bringing this schedule of like the weather a big step towards renewable energy generation epitome of great team work s of narrating event makes the documentary more good work work hats off to the entire team members great achievement architect i give to all green energy to the society my country all the best project of a country like which has its eyes to the sky this is amazing project truly inspiring to how such mega can be accomplished great work team good work by is creating opportunities facilitating more my has a bright towards great in time pride from a fellow citizen a good from superb keep good is outstanding documentary offering the general a bird s eye view of some remarkable contemporary achievements in the industrial sector go work great every should be so proud of my country will be the next power in the world proud to be indeed great team working happen is a big step towards advanced accomplishment they deserve awards yes energy of the i want to share help whit my system go to kw hour per w hour per a way to explain how solar cells work thanks amazingly done a helpful video indeed would you allow to translate it into so please adjust the settings to enable anyway thanks sharing great video nice piece of work you mostly kept the under control the most solar panels although great only capturing less than a tenth of what they could be attaining from basking in the sun s output of the em spectrum even cells could absorb of the electromagnetic energy they re bathing in it would be a small dispersed of the sun s energy this is because the cell is covering a speck of the suns degrees of directional output i m wiz so someone i m wrong the sun is roughly a sphere a circle is degrees so add the third x be the directional coverage of a sphere right i think d objects a different media to describe what i m talking about i haven t learnt such yet t understand it i have i digress about that directional output i was referring to you start to draw lines from a using a protractor you ll see that the space between the lines becomes greater the lines get further out this can give you a numeric understanding to why the suns becomes less concentrated you get further out without being a physicist in you want to get the most energy out of the sun you d need to get to it build something like a sphere however this would exceed our power needs this is very useful explanation before this i visited videos which t contain the to explanations a must watch video from technical to technical they start taxing the sun they will that fight back not pay a single we know the oil company own the sun one u tell why only solar light is used to generate the power i mean why the light coming from household bulb is not you tell what you to make this video especially at the house sorry because my is bad thanks to save convert inside really educative giving a to invest in the at infinite easy really infinite last of a video about how does work people already using the energy system t co solar energy is considered there number of countries number of companies have come out their own way what is is the device the one which acts between the energy that flows the storage the battery i would like to know in what way the s r d has developed a new better equipment which will be more reliable without costing much consider a like this house electrical equipment started to work from battery suddenly all equipment was currents up what will happen sorry bad am all solar however what happens when there is rainy weather there will still be the demand the grid so this technology will work great when there is plenty of sun when there is heavy cloud cover the grid will still need to supply power everyone i cant wait to built one of this thanks sharing this video i had to half way through to the bull shit overload i never expected such a video of such a renowned semiconductor the thinly veiled to produce the video s of make we get a pretty in it so that we keep watching not thank you it is not solar technology that is driving higher efficiency semiconductors the drive higher efficiency semiconductors rather semiconductors with ever lower resistance is driven by every area of technology the resistance of semiconductors produces heat this limits their in high power the chip can the it is somehow wing down storing energy before it comes out so is there a way to engineer is so it down the energy coming out until the energy is needed in the household not remember this was done years ago that may be when was started chargers need to come down in when you into a battery to it up i have always current into the battery until it gets to the then it the current flow you guys using to fill a battery you really amazing there is nothing new here what you saying is only fooling the who t know any better any engineer would tell you that so get a night the energy in hot water showers washing including dish washer i can kw a day doing this with only cost using a you is low energy it help with heating in spring autumn water is cheap storage i think its a good video it explains the idea well people want it its up to them just like a new kitchen here in electric loose of their new cost in years makes solar look good buy a electric hand get free a the battery storage it will happen the silicon chip is called is around in decades actually used battery chargers almost everywhere where high power involved today basically the control switches the power mos in very pulses it s resistance is very to zero when hence providing the current that the battery needs to in pulses basically the time off of the determines the regulated output energy said pulses get filtered smoothed in order to provide a somewhat regular current this means that the powers supply is because there is very little loss in the when to the fact that it s fully the across it is very low also lithium needs to be charged at a current not the across the battery the builds up the has to the in order to deliver the same current through the battery at least to the when the is v a cell also measure it in order to prevent overcharge because then funny not so funny things happen otherwise this new kind of technology will be really great help since summer is near we can harness solar power much we want too good thanks watching this i decided that i will go solar next year big regulator energy stored in is the lifetime of is too small they very expensive is difference between this any other solar controller i t get it lithium crazy expensive why bother when you can get more storage so much less money they last about years who made this bullshit video solar meet conference call view in solar meet learn how to produce off grid power by the end of the day t co renewable i am that you will find good way to make it i am you want to make it by yourself just go to of helpful i guess cough cough advertisement cough even explain how they work just what they help unicorn twilight will return welcome to the world of renewable energy energy efficiency education academy renewable energy provides green energy internationally a variety of to develop capacities a sustainable energy supply sounds like episode of johnny was useful it was good may school ye he ye he very nice i am proud well done would you please which of a it is that produce kindly specify i gonna so you can get some real tools love the video it is beautifully kids to learn solar energy generation you should sell this a all with assembled you would sell tens of thousands every school would want one make it i ll be your first customer hard work sustainable energy has always been the answer the low hanging money from it has will those like shell get board so they can reap the this energy themselves then we will to burn the earths mantle lubricants earth quakes takes all out awful thanks this model how many mirrors required you how much temperature you getting at idea may i know why you used a dc motor here so called power generation the is good the whole you should have also mentioned the actual of a solar farm great work doubt you in a of thanks sharing nice i sub u sub video i m getting ready to build a tiny which i ll run around it will be completely off the grid with wood stove heating a solar system electric power i just did a video my channel showing what my solar panels can it out know what you think great you keep it you noticed any price the systems in the last year i was looking amazon saw some that significantly cheaper than your estimates what is your price estimate how the v re have a is it makes kw in one day one hour thank you your answer have motor with a power of i want to a solar without battery at the output of the solar panel i want to a dc converter then connect directly to the motor what you think i see panels now at a i m sorry i seen per why they selling it a you have a cabin say about a from a live power pole alone solar can be a real bargain example the power company will want more to hook you up then they bill you each month power consumed just want to say that i been checking out your videos lately have found them to be immensely i m am new to solar i m very intrigued by the possibilities it brings to the i just had a very nice x shed built by the out here in i m looking to a small solar system in the shed provide power led lighting my my one power tools my v battery my electric bike also provide power a battery tenders to keep up the in my i would also like to run a outlets to run some basic power tools what you recommend a component recipe to accommodate my needs thank you very much nice video pretty thank you system cannot sustain itself without oil more energy spent making the components than they ever recover from not factored in yrs under actual load ten years to degradation thanks the upload the did you get those that is about what i can find them how many years you expect your solar system to last before needing a upgrade new your system skip to price of a setup what you need this is awesome thank you sharing this video i am using solar of my energy knowing how much this really cost help a to decide thanks your way out the price of controller learn how to produce off grid power by the end of the day t co i m starting a i want to know you would pay completely sizing a solar system i your has so much you said is not available res res bombing of we have private left in you think about using panel placing only small solar panel in the bottom of it wow you also can get the photosynthesis to this thing solar power energy independence the so much same thanks i needed it this include inefficient solar cells is this solar cells were minor engineer who knows lawyers thieves i d feel better the solar cells their efficiency were mentioned leaving out those details which would require more of video is curious fairy what destroy some parks how much would it cost what we built this instead of trump s wall so how much wire is that going to take can electricity everything that oil can is it always sunny what we when it is not sunny fact is we need all forms of energy each one move forward choosing the best energy to the need when i want to power my garden i choose solar when i want to fly to i choose fossil when i want to kill s of s of birds in the name of costly energy that is the cost i choose wind one thing so many people neglect is the benefits behind actual energy independence so much conflict involving the is by the need to find acquire protect energy resources being energy sufficient would also open the gateways to greater sustainability when it comes to food resource a united states that did not need to bargain with the world including those who would be our enemies not the mutual benefit of acquiring oil looking at you house of though you not alone the could be freed from some of its worse partnerships i am not isolationists most powerful collapsed to being unable to sustain themselves leading to virtually endless war insurmountable debt renewable wind solar wave would open the door to a better this country limit the power of the necessary evils inherent to many people have to that yes this is a very simplistic view changing everything it won t happen overnight we probably won t achieve purely through solar power yes it would take increases in technology that we t have yet better methods more storage methods we need to start to take all of this seriously that is the first step you t go from to capability overnight without increase in knowledge during the pursuit you start by putting government in a room discussing what it would take to start send solar energy to the moon so who is against clean who is against energy independence who is against solar power offers all of that we won t run out of it the ruling class their monetary slavery system now the humanity back the has to incorporate small scale residential hybrid systems using wind a combination of solar tech every this approach would provide power while eliminating the critical upgrading to of power it s not clunky anymore out the tech basic wall methods in why the fuck t the world doing this we save ourselves our earth term works invest now reap forever w h y a r e w e n o t d o i n g t h i s you cannot the power efficiently most power consumption is at night best of luck this will work out flawlessly how big is that is bigger than any one of the smallest states here those states in new new island how much lithium silver would it takes to build all the solar panels the problem with solar power is that we t have any way of the storing the energy we could this where s the right this is about sustainability not thus we wont it only we the people can it the rich have done a good of turning one this would be great we had the approx trillion it would cost to supply the solar panels to cover that much facts s this much love tee with named i have a solar gravity tower motor that could power every house hold investors call at pray they t it any further was that a deliberate wars reference wars we it to obliterate the scum out around it i t thought about the energy storage thing that s actually advantage now that you it i noticed the reference very clever i think the scale these would probably be the better however i am still glad about the solar panels we currently have i like the idea of having my own power generation connected to my not having to rely the grid of the time i d like to see both get developed further though i m going to be seeing some of these strikes back reference reminds of one in fallout new a few of these in too i have seen a small water array in kibbutz in the desert here too the country is moving towards which i think is unfortunate these rays of light look amazing wait i have idea most solar panels slightly reflective right so how about all those mirrors with solar panels slightly more output we have like days of sunny days where i live internet barely works the same reason cloudy all the time what s bothering is the fact they re a creamy white instead of a colour like black why they white t they absorb heat better painted black yes tom you right with the present cost of the panels the is theirs i was one of the of the receiver also took its start up so well it was good while it lasted i m retired now i look at these towers fondly you actually in the is it i want to see a cooked was never a of our nor was giving to this bounty hunter this guy t know what he is speaking battery give a even his investment pitch in was oscillating between doing good he can have m under i can believe there is t equivalent money floating around moon a fool by any the world needs to get rid of billionaires start investing in people the world cheap energy is easy the financial t like it get rid of the billionaires come up with a new financial system the people of the is a bullshit video you t solar energy i love these videos so much many thanks i needed a pick up after finding out that is leading the have quite literally lost their ability to look up i m a solar energy it s the only thing i in my energy is renewable it s not because we be gone before the sun dies out that there is some energy that is not lost after it is used it never comes back there still a of people who try to the speed of the of this energy so the right words the right things to avoid misunderstandings it never free money has to be made country s have of energy they only gonna the way to get that money what you have your roof promoting this kind of energy to have your money in the seem that they the take a of the of it everybody a of country s be more bankrupt they already in the they high the solar panels from china because they too cheap regarding to the domestic ones promoting a joke somebody knows the music at the beginning of the climate what a crock of shit guess all we have to is tax the hell out of citizens send all that cash to a bunch of left wing bureaucrats who will nothing except study the matter to death until we re all bankrupt i m all energy especially solar not run by these criminals our climate has changed continuously cooler warmer all without the help hindrance of our measly human the solar panel manufacturers must by necessity of the end game also be responsible deconstructing panels at the end of the life of the product not make the same mistake again other energy this is all a heat engine there is need poverty need power these nothing more than brought by the really like to see the that back up the claims made in this documentary where the hard numbers showing that the price of solar is cheaper i m not trying to be a detractor troll i m interested in some research also typically solar panels have a usable lifespan of years this is to solar degradation of the material much like can your clothes the paint your house over time numbers i seen that you lose to energy generation per year so it s very likely that even when you build a megawatt generating solar field you re going to need to completely out all of the panels every other decade has that been addressed still would really like to see documentaries that provide a link to background dawn of the renewable energy era is the the solar energy great is a this help to build my system i leave to go will that matter nobody buys their oil good energy consuming countries you re dyslexic half of it is government corporate resistance will the switch to what a l motor fraud horse shit i want to buy one tell you can t make a video of the working which one expects you may well make a video of it nice machining work i appreciate the work you guys into these things i would suggest reading a physics book instead using your skills to build something useful there s trick that you can play with magnetism to create a perpetual alone one that has excess that can be to work think about it it s sit n s way too complicated the only thing i could get is a cooking any to harvest free energy out of truly amazing just need a clock escapement the what a waste of time money a mechanical toy what you have is a rather complicated flywheel what i would need to see is a generator attached to it with a load to output some other system of showing power being generated rt good energy perpetual i like it how to buy it nice stuff from omega well what the weights the gears iron s with all the shit smeared across the video ad subscribe to so you can watch jump off a can add magnets coils this could give high torque so you can get of amperage by just cranking it up a little f r except in the state of because we have the power monopoly that lobbied against when it should have been the voices of we the people that were heard someone please bring solar energy to the state of maybe this is a musk video here is ca they abundant amount of telemarketers calling harassing you to join how much is one of those where can l buy really appreciate the way you demonstrated how solar power systems works in professional way renewable energy is amazing not only they will help you decrease lower your your helping the earth to we install solar power you have any send them over did you not just watch the video how you able to inverted power from the solar panel to the grid in light of the difference between grid frequency output can the produce a perfect sine wave at grid frequency can you a dc link what will the schematic be like how i beat the smart meter will my grid tie make my smart meter increase my many wattage of solar panel i need my house which it is meters i m in the sun is great thanks it will not the government will pay u sending your energy your solar panels collected from the sun thank you sharing great work what happens when a hurricane did somebody noticed a going up from left cloud at that s weird small electrical devices getting at the sun s energy amazing c the world s quickest solar at c by a wide margin in the shorter term current next gen nuclear tech is pretty amazing think hydroelectric power is cheap sustainable we having a system of undoubtedly solar is one of the most promising of nice panels becoming cheaper more i wanna get one of this the intro was it was very looks like although that might be a good thing because he s pretty cool those shrimps cooked before turned to solar green energy i prefer nuclear solar the think nuclear is the way forward even though we even to making it work it s just a really cool i m gonna go with solar then wind biomass hydroelectric energy of today it is to harness energy then it would be huge breakthrough in of clean energy really great yes is time to this really you can learn with this by step here a leave to go companies not wait to help they wait the bottom line it is not a good thing it is a thing that mankind is being crippled stifled in its advancement growth you speak of this like it is a good thing it is right the monetary system should not have power over doing what is right the earth ever heard of great idea provide the solar panels to the middle east countries them the electricity produced so that they can then hold to ransom not with oil this time with solar energy brilliant wish i had thought of that great video it is now years old some of the predictions were to see revolutionary within years i m eager to see the how about a that follows all this provides continually updated has introduced this technology solar energy the government said there was too much solar being produced can you believe such clearly vested interests have been threatened by solar oops i mean conventional oil gas suppliers really like your documentaries renewable energy very valuable thanks anyone is wondering since this video was made the amount of globally installed capacity has grown from to gigawatts the average cost of solar panels themselves has declined from to about per of capacity every roof walls windows too were covered in solar panels we would not need to smother the landscape with fields of mirrors solar panels there would be more than enough energy captured the world s needs we need to the political will to create incentives that would promote this idea starting with homes the factories that produce solar panels their components deserts need not be covered up with solar panels they need to return them to their green human free state clean energy could clean up the planet give of people something healthy valuable meaningful to my channel y never mind that this video was posted in it is still valid even though it is flawed it makes two mistakes it exclusively promotes solar energy it promotes facilities of scale the first mistake a potential vulnerability to of facilities of not only by witness the disabling of one scale system in the desert of also by weather earthquakes the mistake to the vulnerability of power loss which during times of inclement weather energy like free energy panels wind will soon be a thing of the past because solid state devices will soon be the market sorry the name is it conducts electricity times faster than silicon will soon it in computer with a huge increase in gigabytes per computing a gig computer can become a gig processor this technology will be here in the next to years has huge strengths battle it will be used to cell with you could behind your ear this is trying to sell the outdated technology from government falling through clouds is nevertheless it t matter much even it would other area s with brighter could compensate since most roofs connected to the grid this is a great video the is it is now years old how about a new video bring this adventure up to today we have what happened solar industry failed we still have shell other oil i solar can be transitioning energy technology what be truly revolutionary is to develop technology the problem who invest in wacky people with some of disability so only was left is to research in some black projects hope the best we kicked the trillion oilcan around the desert it stopped rolling in the sand what happens it is a cloudy day where is this whole paradigm now years after this was produced needs this technology more than ever before out at the first of climate whilst we re the subject of the sun being the of all resources energy t anyone noticed the countless of noxious toxins being loaded into the daily blocking the sun electric vehicle solar energy key just how can i find out more about this solar panel lens recharging system i need it my c s about time i was thinking this a in solar technology give it up you spewing garbage like had more their solar the road now the whole is going from a too b being fast how strong it will be well fact it just it very a load of bollocks solar sounds like another episode of trek next generation about placing solar panels the engine hood well can i add these panels to my c not the just the panels i like this build new generation it most effect in the world translate in t they the hood too duh yes a magnifying glass over the the heating the interior to over in there is nuclear power we mostly solar because i know people who haven t payed there electricity bills years because of it there is this thing where you can give your electricity to the power grid something i always knew that nuclear energy was superior i heard that ten to twenty thousand coal mining will be created by trump in west by the end of the year maybe forty thousand in trump is live in we get the majority of our power from coal in some of you not know is located in the desert while there is a huge solar farm approximately away all of its energy stays in we have some power coming in from hoover boulder dam again most of that is contracted out to just like the water power has done it s best to limit the growth of solar power in my state which is downright criminal many have installed solar their rooftops the city owned running their own arrays we not have a nuclear power nearby though there many bombs most of the world s nuclear at least years old the technology has not been developed further in practice it really needs to thorium is a good example of this unfortunately the united states is balls deep in with the fossil industry our politicians bought paid very few of them have the fortitude to go against the oil this is how desert states like new not their great natural resource the sun until our politics policies the united states will to fall behind in the so called energy wars despite the of people like musk i think the sphere would be a good energy i thought that you guys would at least the possibility of nuclear being a power in the considering that it produces little to waste with literally the only thing it back is the efficiency that is constantly being worked i would honestly go with solar energy it s that it is that nuclear energy produces nuclear waste it s depleted we can it sooner later we will be shooting it into space out of our solar system nuclear how many nuclear power have exploded solar energy all the way the essential problem with solar is that it t work at night that is the atomic power hydroelectric conventional fossil must be kept operating to meet demand at night this makes solar a very marginally useful energy there is two of solar energy solar panels steam solar you t talk about solar energy steam wait who died from solar energy also solar t work so well when it is cloudy out what was the song playing throughout the video why not just both someone who works in the solar industry i can tell you nuclear is the way to the nuclear reactors you talking about liquid fluorine thorium reactors you want regular nuclear reactors even more then you should the water with liquid that will help at school we power everything with solar panels triggered can we power everything with solar power yes we just need more solar panels really hope flying will never exist just please go back to the era when were real instead of not silicone she keeps saying silicone its she s many words not much wind is now powering at increasing our houses our vehicles our new wind is new solar is a hour plug in our vehicles save a year by eliminating buying of gasoline out insulation then install roof solar i recommend with highest efficiency cradle to cradle certified materials clean solar industry best estimates by the year they might be able to supply the world with of the electricity so where we going to get the other other maybe so the rest will have to come from nuclear fossil solar is still not economical when you take into account the cost the years of life those panels have unless you can up enough panels such that you can sell electricity back to the electrical grid you will have gained nothing by putting up solar panels your idea is solely based your need want to get off the grid then solar does have merit the average owner it just does not pay in southern in they have limited to up panels only sufficient enough to power our so they not have to buy back any excess you may generate thus making it almost to afford they going to have to come way down in price to be able to afford powering our homes the panels must also last than twenty years which is about the payback limit your borrowing to purchase the system you want to cut down your of electricity try replacing all the light bulbs in your with led lights the cost of replacement will allow a substantial savings over the life of the led lights which last thousands of hours we have all the bulbs in our have attained reasonable savings noticeable the monthly bill which i track every month in excel solar makes up of my august bill the hottest month pretty much it only did of the work thanks failure pending closure of should warn to down also this t the first to have ability has held down good in the past world energy consumption ca coal gas oil renewable nuclear coal oil gas bad the environment renewable good the environment can not meet energy demand nuclear co neutral can meet world energy demand has a bad reputation we have been trying to make renewable energy enough many years not seeing adequate progress meanwhile were using dirty energy to meet of our demand how environmentally just is that we need to take of modern nuclear power before it is to late it people it might just your mind it certainly changed build your own solar panel system out twitter com fr status why pay thousands of solar energy average cost when you can build your own solar panel system just a of the retail cost here is practical the solar energy interesting can we really that so can it not speaking of dry clean things solar by this shit gonna cut it guys get it together earth clearly that t going to work so every medium will have its t focus anymore you showed these boobs thanks a solar energy accounted just over of u s energy consumption why mislead stating how much it s grown in years skyrocketed from to then fantasy numbers from the energy agency about solar output in years explanations without propaganda please not all things live off lying solar wind clean unreliable thin is a bad technology in the early days of solar thin was significantly cheaper than panels manufacturing practices improved crystalline panels have reigned supreme to coal power solar power would be fairly expensive this were a true economic playing field this episode reminded of bill guy the guy guy the quickie guy sounded better in my head too bad solar wind some of the worst ways of producing energy the cost amount of energy required one wind is more that it will ever make back lithium mining is extremely bad the environment not to how bad they at actually making back power of computer viruses fast solar panel day nuclear power the night because the battery of lithium will exist only about to years why not just free energy which the evil criminal elitists stole from from the people free energy is better than green energy such solar wind green energy is such a rip off that it is outright scam well except my solar calculator that well works then calculators almost power anyway nor calculators need to operate in the dark that is about all that solar is good will we ever have solar you forgot to the based solar panels that so much more smith has some great videos about it since he is the inventor how can we the make a stream of income of a thing that is free that is why they not really invest in one of you could learn to the is below your levels people new to this channel thought this is a channel when they checked this channel they be like whats all of these good idea to keep electronic vehicles running debunked many many times french fuck what about using the weight of the roadways to get free energy can i get please i thought geographic fact checked everything they reported guess a good idea you could the laws of physics laws of economics common sense this t deserve even the slightest why t we spend the money time resources putting solar panels where they re most practical roofs roads literally the you solar panels you want them to be less they re the worst to solar panels all this money that could gone to better ideas better things is being utterly wasted sad now that this thing is built i would love to see update how it is working out so engineers keeps solar roads online scientists keeps debunking them will you people just chill out lets see where this goes speak you stupid frog their just too good not to see listen to this video this is a human blind we just love some stuff so much we throw out all reason logic just bite people so worried about energy the they desperate some of life raft to keep afloat it s just sad that people so gullible this is a very bad idea this is the most stupid way to collect solar energy about solar which blocks out the sun through a process called solar love how everyone here is the video was about solar roadways not fr how many people watched it they have a dumb idea at least they going about their research with the right methods well still a dumb idea at it s very going against nearly everything we know about solar panels except space availability watch t instead better scientific this is being stolen by the new solar they invented i guess there just trying to make it more additional adds i d like to see a where the most common roof covering is solar granted it likely t produce enough power its own to supply demand used prolifically it would relieve a tremendous burden the reason this t more widely used more widely encouraged is because the less generated power we the less money earned by the electrical it should be about what we the people need not you could add to so much heat sun give everyday we can it to generate more cleaner safer renewable energy though you need to invest a little big the result is amazing you can save more in the years to com a very good educational materials kids to know what is renewable energy great good kids to thank you the about the solar energy more details please visit our website much does it cost the little solar panel nice video doubt solar is the of tomorrow technology advancements remarkably frequent in solar in last years many milestone breakthroughs have been seen in the r d of solar a highly competitive market with significant fall in cost of solar has been established over the china from pacific region companies with new emerging players from china south to play a prominent role in the solar industry com solar energy please some demonstration video this i want to include this my class thank you out how solar panels work convert solar energy to electricity hey i am only it s does solar energy work go solar much interesting solar is very interesting thank you posting this surely helped my friends i our fair thanks so much this is cool my friend has a opportunity offering solar to people through a bunch of solar providers its really cool you can make some good doing it it out at com learn get a free solar proposal from him at com can make it yourself just learn from only did this its school mind can u send the of much energy can possibly be created by one of these strips i am still to find a sun tracking system that is actually cost it is much cheaper to just add additional panels you need to improve your output the tracking system also adds unnecessary complexity more to concentrating the sun makes the panels more drastically shortened their lifespan not cooled another disaster waiting to happen when depending water to cool it down a coolant leakage all your panels get fried space saved with the is lost over over again with the bulk of the mirrors the get the w panels you good the next years then add a evacuated solar you have hot water at a much better efficiency that the combo with the panels will ever provide i t believe a single word i think you trying like the said everybody should be getting involved this is what the new heaven new earth is spoken of in the has lived off the resources of the earth burning resources just like he did thousands of years ago this has come at great cost to the planet now is the time to start rebuilding our planet cleaning it up replenishing everything is to be made new restored rejuvenated get with the this speaks the truth i m not having any kids nobody asks to be born anyway just one thing energy needs then i m not even starting to touch the other horrors of life inspirational it can x the amount of energy it also takes up x the space of a conventional s only low cost it s less then times cheaper the conventional solar space nick it takes up the same area space that a conventional solar panel takes it instead of because it both heat so r d apace driven by at it s best something t right with that x calculation of efficiency the efficiency rating is based how much light energy you convert to electric energy by focusing the light you may be able to increase the electrical output of solar cells you re not increasing their efficiency you re just increasing the energy them you re actually decreasing their efficiency because focusing solar cells them to get too hot which makes them lose efficiency you could cool the panels with liquid coolant from behind i think the system is too small that to be affordable also they arranged everything horizontally the would only need to adjust it daily rather than every this may still be beneficial it s cheaper than focused solar cells per considering how cheap solar cells getting how it looks like a of work went into making these integrated focusing mirrors i doubt it although looks easier than rooftop mounted panels you can afford to give up the space start saving energy using solar energy its it saves you a there is such thing conventional solar panels anymore why they using the panels in a you a it would only have to be adjusted daily the track of the sun went higher lower in the sky horizontally it could remain in a fixed all day yang birth to everything also environmentally friendly power generation make our lives better boo z solar power sun roof to the indoor cooling legal demolition will not be reported quickly understand the best solar system to print money make money selling electric solar power investment new ideas ministry of economic affairs of energy renewable energy law guarantee year power purchase agreement guarantee line like line ti p o t yourself help your this is not increasing x it will produce same per meter u using same sun only partially then focus one which will become more hot which will produce less energy solar panels need cold to operate at its too hot they to less look at the at can make cheap things will they last s hyping solar power is simplistic nonsense i m electrical engineer with decades of experience i listen to this dweeb peddle his garbage to the i get sick to my stomach those that t know is scientist he got a degree in mechanical worked the aerospace company some time before he became entertainer renewable energy generation has already been tried in in where it s now the world in that field utility customers now have among the very highest electric bills in the developed world despite it s government officials bragging that of their electric generation comes from re just this year in electricity customers pay average x more than their counterparts around years ago the political went forward with a crazed energy policy called energy turn which mandated high of renewable electric generation the idling of almost all her nuclear in overreaction in the wake of japan s seismic this policy of closing down her nuclear was implemented even though is a seismically country since there is wind solar electricity generation power can provide predictable controllable power yields around the clock referred to by electrical engineers steady state power a conventional nuclear hydro electric generation facility has to be run simultaneously in order to provide the slack power required to make up steady state safely in order to safely operate any electric power grid running electric power grid using just will result in burned up cables all over the network fires thus because has shut down most of her nuclear electric utility operators have had to that missing steady state power generation capacity with coal fired natural gas electric using amounts of imported coal natural gas t so green after all that is is still not all now that s power generation capacity is severely crippled their power authorities often have to tap into s largely nuclear powered electric grid when peak power demands require it albeit at a much higher cost the price of electricity in has become so costly that one of it s news periodicals has declared electricity becoming a new luxury according to many homes in that country often go without any electricity throughout the daylight hours in order to be able to afford it is currently spending a better of a trillion euros lines from it s north shores to it in the southern regions of that with a gross product of less than trillion utility customers tax payers alike shall see high electric bills decades to come in order to pay that expensive new i bought handbook from website just start your journey to better like the bill made it myself just go to you d like the think you need to take some time go to website to learn how to make it screw i made it too just by using the fact that the panels in this video only produce the meters just how old this is you should go to you d like to make it by guys m why this silly dress thorium molten salt reactors nuclear need help from innovator like will solar energy has dilute need area seasonal need fossil power backup hourly basis need battery pumped hydro backup specific apart from thorium which the powers that be happy to lose the lead to china i was under the that we cannot easily the hydrogen i believe it s the smallest atom need to be kept separate from oxygen till it s burnt this is not true then wind solar working together will produce the required allow the hydrogen to work when required please feel free to enlighten how about using solar cells to power all that stuff why waste it electricity i bet it d be very then i t think we should simply burn the the efficiency might be too low it t the war we would already have developed liquid thorium reactors storage would be the only energy game left to solve five years of development at oak ridge labs in s already proved the technology just t get any weapons material from it so it was mothballed modern tech makes it much cheaper to build today its walk away safe in a with a lawn why not take the heat from a water heater solar panel transfer it to a modified septic anaerobic ad grass clippings food wast you get stored energy in methane manure you know why please that tower in what the heck poorly thought through hand waving out a real developed by professor using low cost to release electricity using liquid metals liquid metal battery high power low cost lived idea containing hydrogen gas is difficult it leaks everywhere because it s such a tiny molecule also metal gets brittle h through it at high which means eventually you d be better off creating methane from co h o when he starts will false i m hesitant to believe anything he says he states at the only resource that s available to supply to this demand is the sun has this never heard of thorium when you start with stupidity you have to throw everything else out is considered the speech of a life time career i say his should be revoked this statement wow will amazing spread so well this is truly innovative idea will be apart of the iron oxide you clever buggers glad i m apart of this shift love light wheels turning there is reason a person can t throw a battery bank in the trunk have them charging when the brakes applied throw away disc brakes the battery is the new brake come slide in your bank new thinking is all we need yes thorium bad i understand whats the project about he just looks like a salesman the quality of talks going down the dear talks i have been looking a educational video talking about how can produce electricity within metals i was hoping by posting this that the idea could symbol hydrogen is h not h you were insurance company would you insure h how along they so they microwaving the iron oxide to kick off the reaction pretty a little goes a way this is good a good is to paint solar yr grid tie it it fresh dun storing is expensive the grid battery in the day excess goes to the grid in the night u take it back from the grid you forgot h we can run our it repair the with it it cheap it more than yeah this is a government funded program well stuck in the you take their money we looking things that work you know is already making solar h they know about h either read technical from the manufacturing chemists handbook you want to make it cheaper better am you ll learn how to make it you ll read handbooks from cover to cover just take make it yourself nice fast solar you i have a solar project this is very helpful where can i get solar panel where can you get all of these we trying to make this my s project where did you all the i wanted to try this a project because i really like solar powered this really got nice creating it please should take from website you want to learn how to make it easily easy to make it works i got the highest in my love you i watch you every day can i copy you pleas made vi t you making this video because i have a at school my teacher said i can t where can you buy a solar i it will it work i torch dude that is so smart hate this ads numbers just hyping how grate the thing is what they did you wont know it unless you have the numbers i t get what the renewable in water rust they re not with the shower so created a smaller great now what wow just throw it in a fire nice video i knew it you post videos at pm every first one is obsolete you can make a cone like shape pointing into the sky have solar panels placed all around the cone so it gets energy from the sun all day this interesting its more like we need this in our daily life what r the t the oil companies see this shit ever want to build your own solar generator of thank sharing it how go to you d like to build it yourself i have some scrap builds that could anybody down to try it needs current much amperage kind of odd that we fighting wars over the petrodollar the country is split natural gas when the is to make hydrogen medical oxygen daily from solar panels oil is way to valuable inefficient to be burned in engines of you can always upscale it that s what they in big industry they have electrodes that huge of you could only drive where there s sunshine can you this experiment to make it practical someone wanting emergency power his hurricane preparedness sir please can you write your video details to sir i am in west thanks best well energy generator i also this one from my experience visit com posts can learn more about it website you need a to keep your panel safe it could burn itself up the best solar energy generator video thanks sharing very nice his name need right solar panel add some stuff to the water to make it more you need like shit we should have a program to provide solar to everyone instead of bombing families looting oil any how how does it work i t get that all the first does is track how much energy you then you log into a web buy solar credits to what you used basically you could the same thing at the end of each month by looking at your electric bill the t at all there of those power around already even before companies were making them people were making their own decades solar paper yeah i never seen a solar panel before rolls eyes this is just a solar setup all they have done is the controller with the which severely limits it s usability how much it can be it also increases the odds of it breaking down generate a of heat you piling in a bunch of other electronics into the same they going to ship these off to areas where it is probably scorching hot outside already where the nearest repair shop is a thousand away you would be better off just sending the panel by itself running dc fans straight off it not that i recommend it at least it would last more than a day solar i like it however it is hardly i want sun to being silly looking at it again not quite impressed interesting seems like all this stuff already exist in some out my my solar project com solar paper tho wow yet another video without a black person either being even a duke would be proud of these videos carry racist t this be overload grid systems awesome video thanks sharing your awesome energy cool same this one be much cost kw h solar clicked this to learn about solar energy it turned out to be a the is genuine the other solar products then it can the world i am really fed up of the dependency the grid power at solar its just a built solar up nothing new where can i find your products more detail in this talk was given at a event in the would be nice to the year this talk was given well the though the was pretty about the well play at x playback speed much better thorium molten salt reactors nuclear need help from innovator like solar energy has dilute need area seasonal need fossil power backup hourly basis need battery pumped hydro backup specific great presentation invented a breakthrough of energy it will be useful e g cellular telephones i am looking prototyping to begin mass it will bring measured in hundreds of of my e pl talk of how we all this energy when we t have sun how much environmental will huge arrays of how will they be can we get enough storage to handle the load in low sun times i think the answer at least now is we can solar to reduce the load it cannot the current grid system same goes wind there limits to how you even high power so we have to keep some other form of energy like fossil nuclear powered up the grid have therefore only partially mitigated the problem new safer forms of nuclear along with is the best please t give a talk wearing so many assumptions most of them wrong this guy calls himself engineer we need to take advantage of this solar technology we need to make fossil a thing of the past within the next years t forget a capacity of power by gas coal is not the same a solar the coal can produce literally that amount of power anytime not the solar so even with storage based different sunshine to reach the same capacity a typical coal you may need a solar of at least x x even more already taken storage into account the is after all those green advantages still not a huge our energy picture even solar can solve some of our electricity needs the picture is you gonna still need coal other mining steel cement making chemicals that is a i think solar will after a threshold without storage cheap solar is still lousy energy storage still expensive because environmentalists would rather destroy hundreds of of pristine wilderness solar farms than allow nuclear power to be built because how much does it cost to have a solar panel sitting in the sunshine compared to setting fire to a barrel of oil made i am watching this a computer powered by my solar power system i would wont solar energy next to the sea too solar energy the way of the thanks the presentation info you said how many employers have a free gas pump in the where workers can fill up whenever they want then you used that to make the free e charging won t this reason while it s probably true that won t get to charging free that analogy t make much sense because the running cost of a gas pump includes the continuous stream of you have to keep buying people it up a solar charging is a closer to a one time expense aside from setup you d have to keep buying gas everybody obviously not very economical what s the running cost of solar again not necessarily disagreeing with your flawed reasoning is flawed reasoning i believe it can lead to a misinformed cool great work one day am we will invent out technology to later like power bank next is finding inexpensive way of making households power banks that toxic last revamp the old iron something that t need importing unlike the battery also another good of solar energy is power cleaning desalination of water over many the that can be run off the stream of the process be continued in to the night with either heat storage coal up near greenhouses floating rivers coastal areas since much of what projects down is finding some great insights by superpower seriously china produces more electricity from renewable energy than the electricity consumption of is where to china awesome wonderful fantastic keep it world consumption is per year is just that s only of what s needed currently i really hoped capacity would be higher by then he says the rapid increase in capacity will eventually level off hopefully that won t be soon how will things when energy is effectively free renewable is by solar power can of the electricity needs making all power obsolete i seriously doubt that there governments who nuclear right now they too stupid to waste vast amount of money that will be obsolete in years i love free electricity i not think raising the efficiency solar panel will be always easier the reaches the it usually becomes to increase that is why increasing your from to is more difficult than increasing from to it will be interesting to come see what the costs like in twenty years these old solar still running solar power is getting pretty big in we have a solar system our i m pro solar i m also pro reality it is not accurate to say anything to solar being x price without subsidies the industry exists only b c of govt which i the mfg experience curve of solar is largely b c of govt over the past five years the in south absolutely supported by govt w forced we can be bullish solar with the subsidies needed line it s misleading govt policy is still driving this sector will the foreseeable nor does this talk address the system level costs of solar the very real of paying integration utilities which were also birthed by govt celebrate progress with a more truthful framing policy matters more than the about the costs of lines to the middle of nowhere where the is cheap enough to in giant solar s in the real costs shall we i can t listening to he is a child belongs to program silicon tech based solar is already over is embarrassing itself by associating to this guy just guys with fantasies just a talking head with comprehension of what he is talking about thank you all that you you putting this child in his the video skips forward at any to upload the video any heat output you need cooling this so rain snow appears to be a the area appears to be a circle fitting within each hexagon it s kind of hard to tell how big each hexagon is so s meter across the circular area thus each hexagon has meters of area units is meters at w of incoming solar power level w gets turned into w of electricity a efficiency that s higher than the highest junction solar cell currently in the research labs so either the units bigger than my this is bullshit given a efficiency your junction cell each circle would need to be meters across the beauty of a solar is that you can a shockingly expensive solar cell at the focus because you only need a few the of a solar is that it must always right at the sun the focus can get hot enough to melt steel so it must have high capacity cooling neither wind nor solar can be load yet the bad news go a fun china s solar energy now produces more energy then their coal does north income was selling coal to china china has just stopped buying coal from north era is coming terrorists murders butchers dictators from middle east be ready to may it s inevitable solar tech getting insanely right now there s even a solar panel that can generate electricity through of rain here s com how could help solar panels produce energy when it s energy is the is looking forward to your fantastic new discovery wow fantastic so interesting i did build rockets at a kid well i did play games a kid yes i will cry musk did reach the third musk is probably the newton of this generation is my biggest clearly has autism high functioning in physics photographic memory low functioning in inflection pacing excitement he has very brilliant mind approach towards negative from people around him particularly his real friends i believe they closed friends who never idolise him have always given him good ideas to push him to excel further always tell him the realities without prejudices beating around the bushes how many people have such good friends better be grateful hears about random people commenting about him stuttering wins academy award portraying in years i t know people it we humans solar powered i m a huge of s work from creating a video game to carving the way a sustainable interplanetary twice fast anyone else would have is just the beginning all of the hidden bright minds we have today still making their way to the spotlight who knows maybe we ll even be interstellar in my lifetime we never thought we d be first a i in the palm of our hand containing a chip the size of your nail with more computing power than a computer had a mere decade ago you believe hard enough anything is thank you inspiring i you not a role model a successfully manifesting your dreams into this reality live prosper is hiring laugh at his jokes guys his sun joke newton rd law joke got laughs stuttering can sometimes be a side effect of having many thoughts at while doing this was probably brainstorming about his next s tone is noticeably different between this the one that s just been released this is a we always dreamt oft e a wait why anyone without knowing i the same clothes this morning he is wearing in that video knowledge gained through media its not against the law to think its almost without cost your is that sound in the background will gown in history one of the greatest innovators of all time every time he said why would you buy something else i was like dude have u heard about about a solar powered roof the would it work i m thinking about extending the driving time what you guys think i love this the only problem i have with this is politics in the state of to come off the grid is illegal people being kicked out of their homes because they re using solar power not a of the grid some of these in remote areas where they have to dig their wells water provide their own power it cost nearly to have power brought to their residence they re being told they can keep their they cannot live in their that kind of sucks i would love to this my own roof i can afford to so however metering is making this unattractive until politics aligns catches up with technology i may well stay where i m at the idea that the county state government can dictate how much power you can keep yourself they can bill you while taking all the power they want is ludicrous i will own one of these roof i m going to wait to see how this all plays out it seems technology is moving way faster than the bureaucrats can keep up with is it is that the model it looks cool what will happen in the winter when will the roof be covered with snow people t appreciate energy storage solar power enough i find a kw of solar panels more desirable than even the please fuck is definitely the of energy musk please consider opening up factories in one more of this country s dead industrial offering to thousands helping to extricate ourselves from oil coal this is done the prices of would hopefully within years everyone in could benefit from this revolutionary technology way to go this should be marketed to builders unless they have a deal with oil companies to keep everyone sucking off of them forever what your roof leaks when you open in hey is the has a anti lock brake system musk had the showmanship of a come to real is what solar panel controller is with there will be a decrease in buying electric in a few years it will increase in about years how will this work with snow this wont work at all loving it my life still last best song of trance even made trance first heard this track from at in good times gives goosebumps still have heard all the remixes of this track track should be called goosebumps live trance hey a pukka instantly takes back to those amazing crazy nights filled with love laughter it s i only just discovered this masterpiece love it m lo persona at this is by the best mix of this track iv listened to does everyone agree not then fuck u you amazing tune it s in my tunes along with a few love the at still love this after all these years still gives goosebumps tune a fucking glorious piece of music to whoever made this who t like it why i can i can also make my city my something beautiful like dear please go back to give update the developments the city has gone in the last years it would be so amazing to have some good news after this last week he who must not be named s retreat from the i applaud being such forward thinking the renewable energy it s to see this in countries i m a huge fan of their natural resources development any updates troops coming back to the i keep hearing people getting deployed when all the technology in i think our guys country need to focus learning from the middle east would benefit every less orphans huge savings it s a beautiful thing been there its amazing this be a lesson to all third world countries who export so much food globally allow their governments to pocket the just get to the these cities in a desert get their water from i m guessing they desalinate sea water by burning huge quantities of oil out the solar engine by motor runs with high is designed by a firm go back update years hip like the finally realised that the only way to maintain their wealth is to become independent from the only of income they have been relying which is running out at enormous looks so intro was musk the of our time of the that idea a time ago t have his money money candy he s not the best he has such revolutionary technology that it really t matter the shit speaks itself i laugh at this idea people think they can since they have money good luck fire fighters trying to into a roof like this when their a he pregnant losing your house rather equity to a company the state is that what they call energy independence what you expect from them when the to prosecute a who would take a of company funds to hire one stern then say to shareholders sorry kids we only had two hundred to keep from going bankrupt what will we so sold about half the company to liberty media to raise the necessary funds to remain a going concern when government promotes fraud thievery looks the other way refusing to hear you know tyranny is coming modern day the world owes him big i hope he lives a life probably costs more than the current solar tech we have even that can cost more than the house you it what a waste of trump wants to bring back coal at the house is much nicer than ugly when they changed can you walk it is so last words does he want this advance roof to be cost less than a roof made of soil this should get a wow just shut is different between your solar panel only were getting to the biggest nuclear reactor in the universe just shut up how could anyone argue against a voice like that buy some everyone hating warren the bitch that said the sun is the largest reactor in the warren sounds like the same thing that has happened in power companies want to pay homeowners less the energy they provide while simultaneously charging those very same homeowners more than they did before they switched to solar that absolutely makes sense further municipalities have laws their books that state homeowners not allowed to live off grid at all to get a certificate of occupancy you must also have a grid connection to have solar panels they must be connected to the grid well there is escape from the monopoly power of utilities granted by state governments that sucks i that there was of musk beside the people he sold leased systems to to ensure they t lose their asses only that soon the market became iffy solar city packed up left with greater efficiency is just generation can a of open a utility company that a solar powered system to provide energy to houses i understand being off the grid can be illegal being a monopoly is too right so is with the bad guys now sad old is not even to be the greatest nuclear in the fans unite ^ ^ we need to get rid of the dirty power companies they dirty minded dirty power i will build my house with energy highly considered t worried musk is going to all out of remember were best sound years ago then disappeared poverty does that go solar not just country world it effect making of these solar systems costs resources environmental cost the power industry needs to get with the program it s a new age when homes can generate their own energy this monopoly is coming to end it video said secure the win it s really who is the winner with the power it reverts to uh of uh y laughs fucking love this all things considered dear musk we need you in the rest of the world thank you not not listen to this scam solar city is not out to help anyone they not contained systems up they tied to the grid you pay them to their panels your roof you pay the bill sell your power to someone else very sneaky scam its not easy to in the contract that is by you buy into it you will loose you get these guys s panels off your roof they lean your house sign the contract i feel bad the middle east been waiting a solar roof that looks good this is great is he now trying to even look like tony stark i mean he is already the same person physically too thing we need to out is the water fluoridation problem to paying such crap sign your the will save this planet your kids that when you that you live up north the roof is covered with s great it won t come anywhere near solving carbon economy who would he ran president be g you re the most smartest i ever is changing the world he s clever rich he has the perfect method to is a we need people like bad i need a new roof you buy these solar shingles in i bury my these systems not produce h s the industrial i work has to with ferric chloride to keep the h s in a safe hello could you please tell where in you built the hello i am currently starting a nonprofit focused providing a sustainable way of life this is one of the pieces that i need you seem to be one of the only people that hinted at a heat by water running through feel free to at i would love to see we could work together hello is there a risk that the through the gas here s a topic that has raised a of does a built system need a flashback hi great i like it i about to up a like this at my will i need some germs to start to improve the gas in a big i saw a rotating propeller inside the would it improve the process than you hi there you think a such the one shown could provide enough energy to run a kettle my is bbl many thanks hi good video the way you feed it draw off the heights of your where you draw off will be the the height of your liquid how you keep the fluid out of your gas line how i can filtrate the soapy water is another video says that soap killed their bacteria shut down their reactor the most video this subject that i have found yet thank you very much this is most video done very helpful what program you to the d diagrams what is used d would it be to build a out of a inch lay it horizontally feed it one end take the gas from the take the slurry from the end so this would open up a of possibilities to where you could it it would make it easier to connect it to your sink its garbage disposal can the feed be a larger size in cold climates placing the in the ground surrounded by grass clippings would likely increase the heat of the basically fossil companies because they re too dumb to just being fossil companies year loan system a month payment of my energy needs go solar it s worth it now system wont be up turned till end of i ll have hard numbers this fall see any drawbacks right now identical model to how absurd solar city is is a new company selling chicken eggs directly to the you sign up you can have a chicken coop in your backyard maintained completely by our in exchange allowing to this here accessing your property at times we will sell you eggs at the same that they can be bought at the produce market come join the family so that we t have to buy any can increase our they get retail from the utility a per credit it just makes good sense so many levels my friend has a that offers solar through solar providers its real easy cool you want to be a solar advocate you should it out at com contractors charging way to much getting rich off dumb homeowners who will take decades to pay of there system your own research install yourself many companies sell solar s very true bro the problem with this is that they trying to compete with the other businesses who able to deceive consumers with end prices while keeping the back end costs hidden still the is a great start hopefully one people will start to learn more about they t save you much money you never own the system they should take over a whole desert state run the power all over north south just buy up people the it does not pay to lease buy the panels install that is only way it gotta be reckless to this someone panels your be the hook yrs the panels equipment t cost that much to buy even yr loan basically you your research makes money from the interest the loans over charging the equipment t gonna last yrs unless they provide a means you look at how the guy talks to he is a hard pitched like a used dealer you can his solar all that you can cut your buy a wind gen install your own solar cheaper then what they offer with year commitment before to a month after a month after one year i owe more than its they from class law sews sign contract you doomed the rebate goes to them did he say invest into invest into the noodles i get back come tax like everything you have to your homework calculate pros cons the key to having utilities accept wind solar is to have utility size this will allow the utilities to smooth out the peak demand they will trying to solar wind the t help the utilities until they have utility size be careful with this company there some that not with the customer is not guaranteed after its a free energy quote with solar city your go to share com i signed up to solar city my electric bill will be lower now independent solar ambassador join to lower your electric bill call com i will refer you to this solar city co hey please hear out thank you my name s i m energy with i d be more than happy to help you go solar with our popular free custom designed solar system your i m not a a fake i m indeed a real person a guy working our of our headquarters that just wanted to extend his free over the internet to assist those individuals who were even a little interested in learning more about solar electricity our programs with the versatility of the internet a solar can be facilitated any in any state that we operate in regardless of the state the caller inquirer is in i have now helped over individuals families go solar all over the country from to new to to new many more states in between i t want this to be much so here is a link to more how you can claim your free solar system to help with your electricity costs click here share com again i sincerely thank you your time listening to welcome to a better choice was told by the guy who called when i asked you install the panels i decide they t what you claim can i have them taken off immediately his response was just paying them we will take them back in other words in order to get rid of them they not all they claim you have to destroy your credit this was a power sell at it s worst i got a call told them i was interested ten later i got from the guy who was to come out measure install the after being pressured another i told him sorry i t making a decision like that in a of a half hour when he proceeded to press further i said hung up people look into this further find out what your rights you agree this may not be all it s cracked up yo be i m really gonna try this solar energy it s cheap affordable i like i it really to go completely off the grid with the to go back the grid in winter months where sun is not always over cast often it costs about to go solar in so it does take some time to see a return your investment it is good to see progress in solar power i think my concern is longevity just how these things last earlier t last enough to get your money back so i am hoping these things will have been improved significantly my friend is a solar advocate offers solar to people through solar providers its really cool you want to be a solar advocate you should it out at com best thank you whatever company you solar is beautiful thing it s clean energy thanks to companies like more people than ever can harness this abundant energy save their electric bill please your research before making any negative s cost can save homeowner s hundreds of annually there is monthly fee panels you can pay your purchase the system with your energy cost low interest loan a monthly payment all rolled into one beaver you much to eager to speak s customers i have spoken to hundreds of happy solar customers all across the united states this a that this company must be doing something right praise the sun when you going to feature some dc projects you not saving any money folks yo still have to pay the monthly fee the panels such so where you saving your not is the answer unless there is a way to get the government to pay the panels in you just trading one bill another coming to first one is i am interested in solar panels independent from the roof in the website said this solar is actually free this just another fault advertising interesting that the advertisement that led here states how to get free solar installed at your the video neglects to include any cost every household shown video appears to be upscale lending to the thoughts that solar is not affordable the advertisement is totally misleading considering financial climate scams from all levels of corporate circles including politics i am not surprised there should be some rules that apply the devil is in the details the print he s there alright a kw system starts at per month with annual increase of each year years approved credit will repair broken warranted components i just my appointment they could have told the above at the before they got my number email i t like this did u bad cut climate is real we will all be impacted by it the sooner solar city expands to all states the better cool video does anyone have info the song does your manufacturing run solar power epic with the k props to amazing green high tech video great presentation dig the sound track has a flying vibe to it i d love to find out the name of the track how much time assuming a reasonable daily power generation per day by a solar panel does it take to recover the overall energy invested in making the solar panel please could we have a next time like the of a so cool thanks to solar city matt i now have kw my roof that equals approximately of my electrical needs the technology is caring to the environment that s a great incredible best company i have ever worked i am to go to work each day i d love to see ad like you made fossil energy showing the steps from mining the materials to the assembly people s roofs recycling when it s broken have some just some facts it was good still thanks at dude missing the stud like times t you even snap toggle bro call to qualify down free solar system become the latest happy homeowner great video can t wait to get solar my house great video anyone know there scheduled hours by great video more of these why earth t you install panels the factory i am so proud to be a employee well a customer i made it myself thanks to you t know how to make it by yourself just go to website interested in a free you can save thousands with clean more affordable energy i can it up you share com too easy to true up without stepping with those stupid guards in the l not aesthetically pleasing to see those things your roof though so it takes you hours to install panels solar city it s in one day ugly hell your house very good people getting into the solar electricity world whether you have a deep understanding of electricity you have basic knowledge this will you towards the right system you everything you need to know to get started build system is right there com b posts will solar city the sunshine state of it yourself just go to learn how to make it my crew would have killed both in hours is awesome you guys actually provide the solar panels musky employees out the reviews of yelp see yourself every new needs to be energy come with solar panels led light bulbs save energy the price of the bulbs have dropped significantly save energy save money i am a happy customer well a happy employee i love this company i saw i was one of those who never had the now that we have managed to build a solar panel have advanced in knowledge think make money from it not only saves it is unbelievable you can find here com all the tips guidance will learn how to build end help build keeping in touch with them those with experience help them find what they need guiding is one of the best in the market believe my wondering it to solar panel replacement roof it might be zero down what about the cost of repairing the to your roof when it leaks that solar city does not take responsibility not to the dishonesty of the more household owners see solar energy way to shrink their electricity bills from it well my friend is a solar advocate he can offer solar from a bunch of solar providers finding out the best price his customers its cool it you want to be a solar advocate make some cash it out at com movie i am using to made it i did it already nice to hear the great work done by solar panel i love green only problem is sits their asses months to pick up the meters whatever their is there is way to have them expedite their of their process unless someone can them to the just signed up today solar city is a scam scam scam many dumb people wonder they in yeah its good make the whole world solar powered not that i know of i just took systems combined you could go to com get ideas where all come from this model t fly in where the owner makes the money instead of some middleman who the panels i mean city a monthly fee sell the energy back to the grid solar city gusto o sing eventually at gusto yon wag kayo needs a state of the recycling garbage disposal that will work the city itself create ultimately clean that dirty city bring back to her glorious state then maybe foreigner will visit her may god to give wisdom in everything first we must submit ourselves at his feet he is god the of everything g mo kayo this was posted which was more than years ago what happened to this project since then tang project n could just throw in in illegal how you rid of them ^ k nag tong to project election pa yang kayo drama to master c pa at palm that is superb glad that since the past years tho there still some flaws i m hopeful that it will soon be remedied by our brilliant human resources the constructors alone this project was commendable the was able to redeem its reputation being the country s of i m glad that the other cities well not left behind such of the ever dist wag pa s to qualify down free solar system become the latest happy homeowner energy storage com residential energy storage s new battery system can help you keep the lights fridge cold during a power outage natural disaster while potentially saving you even more your monthly utility bills our battery systems currently offered in selected markets we hope to offer the nationwide by the end of the year safe is making the latest advancements in battery available to you through our partnership with motors only s backup system technology engineered by leveraging their in developing battery premium electric vehicles s history of research development has enabled a cost wall mounted storage appliance that is small powerful covered by a lasting year warranty the actual battery is about the size of a solar power will be mounted the wall in your near your electrical panel be prepared anything your battery system will provide your with power the utility grid goes down such after earthquake other natural disaster a fully charged battery will power basic needs a few days a solar powered can the battery from the sun to run indefinitely limiting power to essential devices such lights refrigerator not all available in all regions a fully charged battery provides enough energy your essential needs during emergency run your refrigerator make you t lose all the food in your fridge during a power outage your cell stay in touch with loved ones news emergency response when you need it most provide basic light not being in the dark can make emergency safer less stressful security ensure any systems protecting your property up running reduce your electric bill additional benefit of energy storage is to reduce peak your utility bill some utilities offer time of in which the price of electricity based the hour of the day higher during the afternoon when electric demand is at its peak across all utility customers a storage system may help you save more money by drawing power from your battery instead of from the grid during higher peak hours you can then your battery during lower off peak hours all in the family battery in backup systems com all family battery backup systems s industrial solar power storage system com solar power storage it lets customers go off the grid when utilities their highest provides a backup during outages is the only solar company that can now offer affordable battery backup systems with terrorist threats to our electrical grid systems this is development electric grid attack was terrorism will a terrorist with a spark a blackout com electric grid attack was terrorism senator pushes utility security bill sen hill d announced proposed legislation com politics senator pushes utility security bill i have not saved any money since i got the panels its cost with my t to each month they told verbally which in is like a contract that it t cost more then a month well that was a i have payed the over months now because went months lost that wattage because i t with a company that that could manage the cells so i will not get those energy credits those two mo s now i hate i not them they handled all this threw emails sometimes emails get to u i can help anyone with about how the solar program works we fully integrated all homes a by basis how the savings will add up i look forward to hearing from you share com feel like this is something that we should have had awhile ago i had solar city install panels my roof seven months ago the system is still not up running they have explanation to why in the mean time my electric bill is my roof leaked soon the panels were installed they still have not fixed it i want a rich mega genius i would be all over this like white rice i have serious concerns about what my bills will be after the changeover people need to be paid to these the material costs must be covered well panels can run more than ea there s more involved than just placing them the roof you have to tie into the existing grid system bottom line nothing s free there s always a companies that grow at these nearly always disappear leaving their customers in the lurch when that happens everything starts failing the panels will eventually fail does the company them free how fast they respond to calls when something does fail what they replacement repairs sorry to play devil s advocate here in a country where careless consumerism built in obsolescence with accountability seems to be the norm practice i d need more iron clad reassurance definitely more i already been asked to sign up wind power at increased of roughly mo that s incentive to get people to go cleaner greed always kills it does it not make more sense to slightly less than the dirty competition more broad spectrum customer r d is to more money r d was already paid decades ago usually not by the of the product it s paid through government grants investors i could save mo my electric by switching be guaranteed to always have a lower than what the peace of mind that in years this company will not sell out become defunct there d be whatsoever from i would love to work solar city its a trap to lease it buy your own solar panels they sell electricity solar panels you roof a in your tell the brothers to kiss your is awesome finally you have a choice in your electricity provider the contract is everything is written in terms they cover all repairs free years they even a insurance your roof at you can purchase a system great not you can still save every month by a system taking your in creating a better is all good without a doubt i t buy this you ll pay less can a years old solar city customer convince it s true the world is a better because of this is inspirational company that every person that comes in with them what the world will be like in a few years more more people choose solar to power their beautiful homes they down here in now essentially you make nothing off the deal they pocket the fed credit then get payments out of you years that higher than the electric would be you just bought it from the power company what you end up owning is the outdated gear that needs to be replaced by then you ll have to it with your roof matter what so you better have a fairly new roof not even remotely a good deal it would be less expensive you to buy the panels mounting then hire a company to come install the equipment better yet it yourself in a ground pole mount then your roof will never be much easier safer to install maintain have electrician come out bless your work you d own it day would even around year instead of year they need to open a branch here in south give back to their country this could be a to s load very impressive fantastic marriage of products that have catches liars i to pay to a month now i pay a month its not enough i that its i wanna own my solar panels yo a o k y y o a yo m s com n lo y y a con a con y s lo incentive lo o y n d a y sin a pueblo a pa d a o m s pa s y t gradual y lo a con intro hay a lo con video fiestas a n y con a y a s n n con con f y n n a y soy l v yo n d a a autopilot ya n pr a v y lo v y yo n d a n con idea s a o y lo a a o a online ya era l lo video y mayor y solar city con a a o o o y ya y glass a romper y lo a geek com web drive model s telegraph co technology watch how driving see the road autopilot lo autopilot mini y vista autopilot a the pride in the fight freedom beyond thank you damn it i m getting weepy i love this happy veterans day from a veteran to a veteran get a free from get com i guys hiring your videos improving by the year what a great guy thanks solar only has views meanwhile some celebrity gets darn a today is veterans day thanks all people who give their lives to save year old i want to be a come i haven t seen one these displays in my depot why t you guys team up with i saw one recently in p it led to then into investing p i hear the money down thing i was hooked i want to buy one glass solar shingle just to see it depot here i m the big of solar footprint lock in your years not good good bye homey depot boycotting you now be careful who you get in bed with please by i been am into roof panel solar now a few years i am disabled income is only mo i m the cheapest way to all this w lease rent payment purchase one s financed i have a x single wide that i own would it up collateral needed thanks looking forward to hearing from someone soon e tn read about my experience see my review this company at yelp com solar city t dumb they ll in depot it works well they ll immediately be inside other retailers like they ll get this is a great movement to be a of you interested in being paid referrals to reach out to at share com i take the solar system with i move i was contacted at depot my bill was to a month after now owe more than system is worth you cant take em to they from of out to get you solar cells at cheap visit com from the grid is oddly high how much money is this system saving you you t mind my asking i work your energy we want to grow same a s your array a string array was it each panel read about my experience see my review about this company yelp energy is the the fossil industry hates it will all they can to the of energy you getting a i wish your last camera shot was of you turning your system nice what about feeder taps from a disconnect to a piece of equipment such a deal musk needs to sit down with give him lessons how to run a company is sh because of please slap some sense into this guy your is amazing musk will find out about hemp soon they way better than lithium yet not toxic wont explode way cheaper to produce checkout smiths channel is so smart that conducting a presentation is obviously boring to him it s like he saying why haven t someone figured this out by now he is definitely a world musk gets pretty fucking erect i have to say it again i m in awe of musk his presentation skills dreadful at times painful to listen to i understand the over you should be able to articulate your communicate your your a few speaking workshops t kill him i m actually getting worried about him i hope he is not getting into burnout territory his quarterly conference calls sounding more more taxing him only this affected i will probably never get my own house in this market nor be able to tile it with this great t forget about the renters we make up half of our country here incredible hope it takes off hope he improves his presentation skills woeful so am seems to that after every drizzle you ll need to clean wipe your roof again again so that they still might be problematic in most cities quite polluted with dust wind may also bring it does in fact leaves dirt of every kind onto the roof in the time of winter you ll need to get up onto your roof endlessly to clean it from snow t know thank you elan all you doing in the clean energy area the must be his employees all that stupid clapping comments about his presentation skills kind of silly to here is a that brings a real to a problem it is just the beginning of his journey some people talk a good talk who cares musk is a real visionary whether you like his presentation not who cares the roofs looks amazing so much better than these ugly solar panels i praise these guys his to bring a real that will echo in decades to come i am a fan this is amazing it is a must have anyone a great idea my concerns how would you go up your roof to clean the leaves out of the gutters without slipping off the glass tiles falling off the roof would these tiles heat up during the winter to melt snow he s a like a teenager giving a classroom talk in of his crush i have nothing this i d say one day he will be the richest in the in telling that they need to cut carbon emissions while playing a video in the background of a factory in china spewing someone can have such great product so poor presentation of a very valuable his presentation is pretty appalling speed to thank later k solar panels thanks thanks you gallery allowed you to go completely off grid solar city needs the grid to solar city is a virtual utility that requires good government regulation of the grid to we probably t have enough good government regulation of the grid to satisfy musk s to the humanity s insane fossil experiment solar city is of it does not have to rely good grid policy to good grid policy will be a nice to have it ll make solar city more money in the states where grid policy is neanderthal solar city s can t even exist unless it s combined with combined with solar city can take their customers off grid the t cooperating with their renewable solar city can t that by itself trillion better interesting is i cant understand what they guy is actually saying hes mumbling so much some words just a slur customers would like every thing free so why not all companies into one giant umbrella company have products assigned a needs only basis the musk the same team the one preaches the other preaches hate greed is evil so the two together the same to create a zero economy where there owners workers only this will of means that a state is needed to keep the rebels a rebel from threatening the new world order you guys need to listening to about what is best the environment the customer those coming from to represent the interests of the owners the shareholders first foremost what should should not be allowed to in terms of products subsidies prices ought to strictly be the domain of government what you think it is a coincidence that private property rights disappearing while such the legislation such the patriot act forced upon the people the patriot act is there to hunt down the patriots the is not about homeland in the domestic affairs of the the is policing now some believe that the entire earth is theirs is their homeland this is what happens when you have people in of illiterates will they not all fall into a ditch look here is water what prevents from being well apparently not god see acts earn a twenty years of residual income start today com with move to get solar up with solar city both the road at i still have a few ideas musk to add wonder this makes sense less travel time less overhead managing two companies instead of one he should just merge with well while at it then he can just sit in one big control his i see solar city becoming a trillion market company without merging with i think he s extremely nervous curious mumbling a incoherent answers often though he sounds term not though i m a not the of solar just today in the q solar city claimed that the present of the retained after covering all the debt payments owing is about a share you can download the q from solar city s website motors wishes to acquire solar city given that that retained is compounding at about a a year should they not pay solar city shareholders a of say a share please she s not a billionaire nor she were either of those we t see her rambling nonsense here paid shareholders getting robbed solar city has just hit inflection they posted income of q of those quarterly only going to keep rising over going forward thanks sharing this makes a of sense of this move com the real reason musk is bringing solar city together today is happy birthday earth has given you a special birthday present musk r i p i be arsed to this musk is a legend king of yes fantastic why is not in he looks down when asked about the tax credit they re profiting off of so basically they using a citizens right to the rebate buying the customers panels them at a then buying them back at a deprecated using the panels to sell the customer power wow look into the loan product way better way better product i forgot to that the i posted in my first post that according to estimates the world s governments spent trillion fossil subsidies in alone see the references in the i hope they soon come to i am interested in a solar roof united with the so we can finally can get away from the grid it in all of how much credit well give to it solar power is here lets it gas get more fucking subsidies credits shit than fucking years they also polluting the shit out of the world what fucking anyone have not giving solar other some fucking tax credit anyone ray is getting away from solar leases s they a dying model all of my customers doing our where essentially they own the system from day receive a year warranty the entire system including the the homeowner less than what the utility companies the power their system produces that payment goes towards paying off their solar system with a little of interest best of all the homeowner gets to the federal tax credit to of their system cost in to any available rebates from their utility i have over happy customers with this model it s where we re trending a company leases yesteryear i want what my customers asking that s system ownership solar city has a flawed in their model most of their customers lease which depends the feed in tariff when governments take away the feed in payment from the utility lease gets hit hard selling the systems is better the solar industry is small now it is growing rapidly there is the potential solar to take over a of electricity generation in the near this guy convinced musk investment d into his mind is smart guy we love what we have been able to accomplish with them it really is a win win thanks when is solar city going to the will be worth less hard to sell you sign a contract with solar city buy own your own system love my solar city when battery storage finally comes of age the utilities will see the of solar wind at the utility have a way to go hay a n n n y kw pueblo e hay a y politicos y yo y lo telegram telegram a n video a n ya a y ya ya era y hay a musk a a telegram a a link con y a y con a panel solar ya y con y lo a y con mayo y pesos a til y can you the solar energy in conjunction with conventional power damn big the same has anybody worked in the residential outside i am considering working them how did it go i also live in am looking into adding solar including the from i have electric the schedule i actually have lower costs even after adding the i see that this was a years ago can i get update after your last years i had solar installed months ago it has lowered my overall bill from to a month so i m pretty happy with them i noticed some my going solar i just wished i referred them give you a run down of their model it sounds great upfront turns out to be nothing a feel good scam unless you re in area where they offer a lower than power co which t very many in i pay per yes including the delivery it s actually a fee to cover all the delivery this is through green mountain energy now solar city offered this down deal a rep to my house to explain it he even added a dash of scare tactics about rolling blackouts over the state this is how it works solar city wants you to pay them they were a utility company they maintain ownership of the panels your does not increase they will take their panels back the next owner won t sign up to pay them they install the panels a smart meter all wiring free you pay them a they offered everything that you until it the systems then you pay a bill to a traditional power company of their choosing the rest you can still pay a delivery when you need it from the grid there is metering there is power storage you can t at night example so you ll still have to have a working grid to keep the lights so in a blackout this system would only help you during the day they the system to not produce more than you purpose however you less than it produces you get a bill credit to costs this won t happen much because they it not to how is this different from paying a company that generated all green energy well with instead of paying their own transportation of the power they just get to your roof free often you re going to have separate electric bills in my i would actually pay more by using your research i was excited at first then i found out it was actually a deal letting them my roof free still charging more than a utility i ll be investing in solar in the it won t be with this gimmicky company it is a better deal to buy your own solar system just sell excess back to a traditional power company you get the benefits that way can actually end up making a you could optionally get a battery system well then to keep power at night when surpassing the current your increases because the system is actually yours people that want to sell the their with solar city installed how does that effect the new buyers of the tell in you have a distributor you can bring the equipment without them interested in a of delivery the price of the green equipment you only private houses in the storey panel too thank you we just had solar system hooked up well finished up they had to because of rain i ll be happy paying a month compared to the we paying now we had solar city install system it was a great experience all around crew was good really nice guys explained everything they were doing because i did looked into this the cost the electricity the lease the panels was lower than our electric bill unfortunately it does not eliminate the cost of your electric bill by the time we paid the electric company we were saving about a month unfortunately increases their cost to you annually claim the electric company increases more in you have a roof it will need some of over the next years the cost to uninstall the panels could wash out years of savings at that i think it s a good product is going to make much money they can i think your serious about going solar purchasing is where you will see real return the investment what your dirty electricity levels like what happens when the company decides to cut contract with you you re left with holes in your wall holes in your roof you t think about that did you before my bill to a month after after a year of bills i still owe more than its worth the rebate is they from class any way to they bad comments with nice words to look good to potential would be impressed to see the bills comparison with your utility company to better understand after we see comparison we might give your guy a call looking at it see people talking about yelp must go there it out myself solar city t in my area of island yet thank you sharing this testimonials now i am really curious about wanting to go see solar city like you from how is your meter working now days i heard is one of the hell hole solar power along with you running mini power of your house the system t producing energy the owner t paying that power basically they just want to get your roof space free you whatever it generates you never own the system you can t from excess power it t add to your unless the new owners want to sign a contract with they decline they ll come take their panels back the purposefully the system to not produce more than you most of the time ask solar city at what year with the in your contract you start paying them more then the utility did you buy into the that the utility company will keep going up based what the said this must be a otherwise this poor is being ripped off with lease payments at you can tell from the proposal the system estimated t account any shade just the loss from east west call to get this system installed in your exactly like him at cost from solar city call anytime any day i am waiting my electric company to switch to new meter stay tuned anyone needing go to share com see about out of pocket equipment may vary from state to state not how it will last looking good folks my lease years i sign is per month i can start at with hikes every year being fixed income i need to know what going to pay in the want to go green since i have the i will still have to pay the electric company basic fees hopefully with a battery installed i wont the grid any power very little quite decided yet read about my experience see my review about this company yelp com solar city is a scam it s better to buy a system your own they lying in at least look up solar reviews they make that they the absolute winner in the deal t care it you in a worse financial shape t fall it they take responsibility nothing this guy lives in a forest they sold him solar just look at those crazy trees shady i just hope they took that in into account you can lock in low predictable energy costs that less than you currently pay the utility company this is your to save years to come i look forward to helping from you go to share com free all repairs covered at added cost system dedicated customer care a new customer signs up with every of every work week you next you pay both utilities the grid generally the homeowner sees little difference you get those trees out how dumb can you should tell people about removing trees it would help confused customer when they see there system is producing much when there i had them out at my house yesterday you have to pay per month i m thinking they just install the panels just lower your electric bill not the paying that s just creating another bill thanks sorry solar city reviews what exactly you afraid of your electricity locks in you join the community generating renewable roof leaks does a leased system affect the sell of a hey that s i am currently dealing with a roof leak after panels my roof the female customer at the ca does not return my calls emails it s been months now i have dozens of emails left dozens of this individual to speak with luck i live in of with a north south east west setting my was built in the wiring was not been upgraded would the electrical panel have to be prior to the solar panels being installed is so is the cost of upgraded electrical panel included in the purchase lease of the solar panels i m about to take the plunge with a year contract gotta be honest i m scared to death because this system t what they say it does i ll never hear the end of it from the wife how is your system doing so install solar energy to reduce oil imports to money with solar city yesterday signed our first agreement with the want to see anyone has had any after the install i have read the after is yrs is a big commitment sooner solar city expands to all states around the world the better climate is real your houses pathetic sorry to say that this roof would not even be allowed to be built here in please insulate your houses before installing systems it s much better to not energy because of bad insulation basically x even it save you money it makes money before my bill to a month now a month try sewing they from after reading this you still it i warned you hi i m also here in i m thinking about going with solar city how it going you so the solar city showed my was per offer a year lock at what did solar city offer you how is your savings to hope to hear from you care about climate will this thing save money you had the choice of paying more dirty power paying less clean power what would you i this fascinated i will be this even is moving to the with prosperity peace to all people making the world a better good them guys please safety gloves helmet not even fall gear impressive maybe it will a developer to something like that here misleading title were revealed unless hard work is a now trump is worried that china may all the energy of the sun nothing will remain maybe he will be happy since less sun means warming aha wonderful we have been wanting to highlight some of china s great solar a new of tourist subject quite a while now this is awesome news err where is anyone who wants to know here is a map of china just in the search go drive com open w ti should be shown all news television maybe this would help people understand that solar can be good better than using fossil when the fossil energy says it is not maybe the average will understand they in bullshit all the truth is it is being done the oil rich kingdoms of the world the making it happen today i write this wake up your government just saying bullshit will be left behind we not need those damn towers that very dangerous to run our cities solar is one way free energy is the best because corporate can control it what is the we today three roads the movement revolutionary politics the democratic party orbit the solar economy you get the line of the jammed into your ears eyes mouth every time you watch the media yuck revolutionary politics those activists who run around calling every other person a racist who is more racist white people black people says the we is warming then the is to build a solar economy today we have only years left to answer this in the the rev groups that march call everyone racists get serious it does good to call trump a racist you can t solve warming first warming is the most crisis we this must be solve before we can deal with president trump the the media is calling assassination of trump just like the the media called the assassination of in yes they did go look the ruling elite did hit that solved nothing most people still totally unaware of the facts politics of a most of the rev is so juvenile they unable to even to answer the what is the we today i just went to a of answer they say wild words never the words warming never they love to march up down market st every month they never deal with the the real world is freaked out by there paths into the there groups trying to lead the working class to the the democratic party the rev who march shout those panel solar carport homes in japan china the the rest of the world the road that we in the solar movement to build panel solar homes in every town creates of everyone we thing is the first step before we can solve sexism racism ending capitalism solar generates all the energy we need to power every every town in the world this unites every woman into this solar economy in a way that eliminates sexism racism this may be the road that independent democratic socialist politics can emerge the to the widely hated two party system the equally mocked rev revolutionary movement that wastes their time calling everyone racist by creating we can end racism the many crisis of every system earth have shown the hunger a solar economy in every town earth that thirst clean free safe solar has not gone away because of the election of trump it has grown stronger the problem is those who talk about the rev just talk this road against trump may seem like exciting road it is only a loop back to not ever answering the how can we create a solar economy to warming the rev people like to talk they can t ever actually anything this rev road just the peoples real power to build a solar economy that is now shutting down all nukes in japan closing all coal banning all gas oil you not take the bull by the horn just it build a panel solar you will just end up years from now still frustrated still marching to your shouting that signify nothing you will have built nothing you need to create a solar economy this is not like this is a whole new period in history we dare not make that same mistake we made in again we t solve warming by we will not be able to end sexism racism because we will all be dying in the climate crisis that will drown the whole world in co floods fires starvation garbage is rapidly becoming the first solar economy in the world will the crisis distract them from their solar economy that is inspiring the whole world is followed closely by china china will probably create a solar economy by because they have correctly ignored the crisis they adopted the one child policy in that has them the path to a solar economy they have a mass system the bullet that allows them to adopt into the solar grid economy easily the solar team believes it is critical that the movement be able to to build panel solar homes in every town first matter what trump does he cannot the wave of solar homes being built around the world matter what the does the solar economy will be built worldwide by we cannot be stopped matter what trump the does we inevitably will conquer the world energy system with solar by join this inevitable victory by the solar builders the loud mouthed rev juveniles the democratic republican party of big oil when was the last time a western billionaire built a solar city meanwhile in the good ole of we can t oil from ruining our fresh water the dogs shooting bombing water protectors thing you can is to stay start a vegan is beautiful i would love to visit this great city is the along with telegram group of study t follow goo past papers goo burning analysis goo i environment ecology goo tricks goo vocabulary goo g e h reasoning tricks bank goo a error spotting goo static complete goo complete current affairs all exams goo world history goo learn bank goo it technology goo h j philosophy goo p n analysis goo history railways goo sir please highlight the words which you discussing from the it would be easy to the particular otherwise we have to the video find the text which you reading sir what about i think ow a days the ques coming from also can make video that it reply whether yes not make a agreement with all a dedicated video series economy c i enjoyed the video n teaching morning sir please make one video s problem of economy by you only thank a make a video monsoon were make to join exercise sir video papers time ranking pattern syllabus all will be eagerly reply also make a video between communist party gov democratic provide a video north east insurgency the a all has been done kind of a video so much sir will u please upload in there where few reasons i did not opt the battery that solar city offered few reasons not to get battery now you produce less than what you your utility company does not offers off peak peak you get reliable battery storage solar city still waiting how much power cut you encounter in a year hope that helps video thank you did they install of of the electrical panels inside the house all of the internal wiring hey how you like the system so hiya yo get to own the panels after number of years not your system will be sufficient to produce all your electricity x x i presume understand that you connected to the greed not needed from your experience i like know i m surprised they can such thin conductors thanks posting the video though currently deciding between two companies one offering a one offering a lease interesting video thank you making this thank you the in depth look at everything not just peaces you everything other people that bitching only showing the after they were not responsible enough to be to be there while anyone that matter install their request love how the guy just steps right the panels not twice oops the being built in buffalo that you were talking about i can walk to that it huge in fact t quote i think its one of the biggest operations within s buffalo that will be filled with fully employed people musk putting my area back to work being my idle boss how many times they going to listen to that same song by to a month after not a penny goes into doomed can you please answer one why not in your did you ask did they offer thanks in advanced hi what is you power purchase agreement cost what is the of annual increase praise the sun all new should have solar be designed the best solar one know where the music is from i m desperate to find it china lead the world discover new things day by day china will generate at least more of its electricity requirements by maybe you can t see the sun today in china of the you can still see your chop i t know why so many people so harsh china this s a news about a his achievement not the country i thought you gonna worker in solar sweatshop to toxic that not the usual of toward china i was president of china i would so have his project stuff everywhere it could really benefit china especially its just wait until china all its heavy industry with high tech low ones you will see really how much the west care about cough environment cough they will be so mad they lose trillions of trade because china will need their imported goods these interesting projects this guy deserves backers china won t buy i know of in the u s who waiting similar is so cool i love the look of the city also what it could really the world thanks the share please keep up the great what s the name of the st song is not helping it s a is this where we need more trees i need more china you mean stealing other people s technology through warfare guy s is good easy understand why you a subtitle underneath make it looks like he speak another language when speak i complete can t understand what he talk about there is small solar by not one big this one is nothing another winning from is biomass pellet pellet stoves proven since at com write to info com come guys you sound like advertisements from s please make movies more authentic to your surroundings good conceived written by hello viewer this work is actually done by the whole cinematography aerial photography special effects complete post is in the hands carry good good it looks more like the list of of crest demand of energy how who made the is very silent a enthusiast like how to go about it installing my using over the shelf keep it up beautiful o k good in shit where go in in sea projects helps to get tag of smart city good by entertainment making such a presentable is directed by he had one half decade of in the making of more than corporate video the is produced by entertainment pvt ltd whole treatment to was nicely done well done entertainment team this is produced by they give complete technical financial drone rental drone operation camera rental light equipment rental light voice over new music song lyrics used writer associate producer director any query this is beautiful now all they need to is to the appearance of rooftops it will look picture perfect should follow the way this city has done brighter kindly suggest where we can apply subsidy solar is i am the voice of the feeling proud congrats to the nice to new energy era w re l ins in den die ca gr die die die den stark um den die k ten in den tr was die gr die gr f r die gr den fl pro pro f den die fr her musk hat ca den buy hold l in videos h mensch in hat um k b l f r erst gut bin d m m die toll so m w w best her w d die die hat die l die m den um die h l muss den c c cam in seiner hat er cam die was f r was die evolution in hat mensch in solar die gut die f r die her die die die gesundheit fair muss die in euro so hat was was die die am l l halt was z mensch is winner hats d die die die i m all sufficiency to completely their oil one barrel of oil contains more energy than all of their megawatts from solar panels they were previously getting barrels of oil i will wait see how this works out nice it works great will you please get producing all the had the drive of musk reading a series of too think of all the shipping crew that used to have high paying bringing in the they now out of work when this is apart of pretty weak though what a tremendously kind act hopefully not going to make like this they always copy exactly the same think it s unfortunate that these big announcement presentations not what they could be they need to practice more it would help his nervousness lets see the is it going to be i would like to know is how will it during a hail storm how will i get power with snow my roof to makes life exciting i m thankful to be here during musk master development implementation it s such a thing to see a person devote themselves to coming up with real to the biggest problems then doing it thank you team all your hard work musk very definitely citing you guys my group s research project i d say he has the n conglomerates shaking in theory go musk is the st century ford s not a he s done more with a finite amount of funds to eliminate of fossil than any one has ever done also just purposes of accuracy he t own at the time you made this video two of his did his company motors just bought though the deal s sealed he also has a remarkable company that you may have heard of called where they re making space travel more economically feasible than ever prior to of in government funding also known tax flowed only to who did little to make space travel cost did i a fucking how exactly is he a brutally honest i can t speak solar city the company that reacts works sounds like you have some of the solar city is developing a fire wall that will allow power to be stored so eventually you will have a battery using the power later i think what they mean is that you producing power lets say while you at work that power is creating a credit you through the utility at the end of the month they will the that you generated with what you used the will very depending when they were used generated the of solar is that at the end of the year when your true up bill comes you will not owe anything it will be you will be paying your solar either a lease cash purchase that is supposed to be lower then what you normally pay power from say most companies provide warranties your roof normally at the end of the lease the company will provide you the to buy the solar at a discounted they will remove you bargain with them you can get it really cheap even free there is nothing they can with that equipment at the end of the lease it is old outdated you have probably figured this out by now thought i d offer some not be such like the others here so yes it sounds like you were interested enough to watch some videos about solar maybe talking to a rep would answer some of your concerns any unused power generated by the panels is back to the grid accounted you credited the power by your power company at night when there s sun you can t generate power you the credits you accumulated earlier when you that excess power to the grid make sense you re a doing a lease which means you only pay power at a better than your utility you need to take the system off to roof work companies like have their peeps come out take it off so that you can perform said work after completion they it back you this costs done solar with years experience first off you really a moron with that being said musk is a visionary opposed to your backwoods country secondly both solar city have been around than years which makes them in than their warranties third both companies have a year roof penetration warranty fourth the of your is worth more after installing solar there is a of proof that this fifth why t you want solar you want to take the solar system off your roof terminate your contract go back to paying more to the utility sounds smart sixth people who t want solar a house simply t buy a with solar it s like a people looking a house with a will be looking houses with a lastly how is your contract with your utility department locking into cheaper electricity years is a much better way to provide power than sticking with the utility companies outrageous price increases there s a single line of from the solar panel to your homes electric panel peace i have one year i saved over approx in electricity i m being conservative because i d have to get out my prior bills the amount i m in the crooks in a new electrical panel at cost to i have a year lease which is transferable i sell my the keeps increasing the cost every year having panels has been one of the smartest things i done a homeowner now we need to out how we can being water i have up enough power in the last month with my crew to power off of nothing sunshine death animals going extinct all you can think about is a screw in your wall people d love to know why musk is a also how is saving people money energy bad you really need to educate yourself cost power will to go up solar is a locked in a of things your what you poorly described is called metering the power your panels over produce goes back into the grid your meter literally runs backwards joke you t to lazy you could walk outside watch your meter run backwards next thing the fee to take off the panels is you want to add a floor great it contract is terminated thing its in the contract that any caused by solar city will be repaired replaced paid by them so will they fix your roof duh bottom line videos t tell you what the energy contract can save your planet save money go solar said honest is your you re a f n genius why you think they want to solar roofs now nothing in this world is perfect at least talk to a knowledgeable first before leaving a bad choose solar willingly doing so at a that is growing faster than any other industry in there is a battery this guy watch a of videos he is now so please t his knowledge this was my first solar city at least now offers financing a battery i m only considering it because i want back up power which only works though i want to eventually own it that makes all the difference i am still weighing the cost because the cost of this alone will actually cost more than my highest electric bill since my area has low i m it will cost up to more a month than i pay now just the grid so this might not really payoff until i outright own the system in years then i ll have to worry about i m just not that s more risky than inevitable rising energy costs the in my area where a this would be a because i d actually save money with energy costs low they in some areas right now they may have to lower their costs to make it worthwhile to more people within a a half i was able to you at all educated about solar making a video trying to educate others solar you need to learn about how metering lease transferring work i am assuming you either have not had a had a rep who did not properly educate you you also failed to that solar is the cusp of a revolution very very soon it will cost a less produce a more energy the panels will be printed light weight musk will be rich you ll be stuck with outdated system years which they will you to remove to upgrade not a scam wait out yelp a more negative than right now solar city you really t know what you re talking about you re the of person who will outright say not interested instead of gaining the necessary to make the best decision going forward best yet it s free to that have a nice life dude hes installed solar a year now telling you i fuck peoples houses up re the said he wants his to come with a solar power roof fully a i driven human needed to get to where you going i forgot the rd thing he mentioned make a giant solar city make everybody drive electric thanks to the late who can actually afford it even now would love to be able to install solar is the electric solar battery storage damn they re doing it i think presently solar city has about k customers a ways away from their one customer now that has acquired solar city the accounting may be not before generally speaking in a few years more will be sold per year than solar rooftops installed charging without benefit of solar will dominate what they should is installing solar rooftops begin shipping their solar tiles to depot solar rooftop installers to assuming they better than the chemical ones which failed to sell then the trump jab at the end does anyone take this guy seriously i think that from a strategic the merge does a of sense it is really between stupid you have to be you t see the power potential of including solar city you lack the you should at least be polite to shut up is a solar panel company their returns projected over the life of a solar panel one else seems to realise this other than in fact they did nothing with would still make a mint then adding the of the they in to install panels they already have the work to install new solar roof not to the that efficiency i m it seems pretty obvious am i missing something a pattern to when will be successful at anything its when people like this complain project that know what its doing is losing money is a bad company they just going to play tug of war all the way through i guess these people probably have never been involved in making actual product first every new technology is expensive unpredictable that s one big reason why had so many delays earlier there is two basic approach to developing a product you either write a list of features that you want them matter how it takes how much it costs you a shipping a price cut any feature that t going to be ready is too expensive the first approach only really works when you have little competition you selling something new awesome expensive otherwise you have to deliver time you lose market share to the competition the roadster the model s x were made using the first strategy with the model goes mainstream so they switching to the strategy musk said himself by now the technology is they gained a of experience in mass so there should be much less unexpected that delays i t find any of model delivery before late so they schedule the only is how fast can they ramp up again the model is a different product then the model s x were this time low cost high is the priority i said they have learned a from the with the earlier models they have a more cash to burn through so basing predictions earlier models is foolish how fist into it s very using electricity solar panels make electricity even better reason is solar panels need cheap high capacity energy storage to be practical that s the it makes sense to sell them in one package that s much easier the same company makes them integration is how can reduce cost innovate so fast merging with is just the latest example of that time to buy fake news be specific just say analyst state who specifically otherwise its just your solar city fits perfectly in to anyone with half a brain would she not even know about space x it s recent accomplishments does she not know who musk is i used to like listening to now i ll never again how can these people be so silly it really is such obvious move who the he ll cares about analysts they very rarely have a clue about anything great views getting done today that buzzing was annoying although the view was superb you should have added there must not be any fire fighter access paths required where every this is this would definitely not fly in southern s the system dude turn the gas off want more ladies off a more in the schools your complaint been satisfied pretty much what everyone before has said sounds like you just need more i ll just also add that a against your house mean they can take your house it means that you cannot sell your house without them getting first bite of the from that to cover the loan amount so you have a k want to sell it you have to have enough equity in it to cover the k loan amount whatever you still owe the loan so panic that i had windows installed my house a few years ago the installers took a out against my house until i made the contract payment its not uncommon practice high price installed your thanks sharing i just spoke to a rep today discovered within hour that he d exaggerated about the tax credit which definitely he did at least that the rebate from the energy delivery company that he kept t guaranteed there was of any price increase after months any length of time i thought it was a fixed i will clarify that i m leaning toward passing this altogether it is a really great idea to go green potentially off grid not means getting ripped off he did tell i could cancel up until right before free that is also while there free opt out letters that have to be mailed within days after that it s the dishonesty really bothers i t want to be tied to a company like that years that s how tax credits work you can t get money back from the government that you t pay in that s the order of how tax credits work sorry you feel the way you though the payment you will take your tax credit invest it into the loan in months after tax season comes one you t your homework my person all the numbers explained everything the one credit i will give you is they t necessarily warn you about the tax refund that being said you have to be smart enough to ask your tax person some research to see your will get you that credit t take your house spreading good luck with a lawsuit there is reduction in carbon footprint solar panels t made of pressed chicken egg shells twigs berries they re made of metal produced using all the same processes dirty energy requires this is ridiculous maybe the solar guy t explain it well i went solar with it was the best investment i did my house why people have to overreact get settle credit goes to not to you they tell you anything to get your my bill was to a month now its they from law suits 